I just hope you don't consider her a close friend.
You've mentioned it about fifty times.
You know how I feel about her.
Thanks for the message.
Juno MacGuff called while you were out running. She wants to know if you're coming to her little coffeehouse performance on Saturday.
But it's breakfast for supper. Your favorite, Paulie. I made French toast and sausage. Patties, not linkies, just like you like it.
I'm not hungry, oddly.
You ran eight miles today, Puppy.
I don't think so.
Paul? Are you coming downstairs to eat?
The pebbles forgive me, the trees forgive me. So why can't you forgive me? I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
I kiss you on the brain in the shadow of a train. I kiss you all starryeyed, my body's swinging from side to side. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
You are always trying to keep it real. I'm in love with how you feel. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
We both have shiny happy fits of rage. You want more fans, I want more stage. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
Here is the church and here is the steeple. We sure are cute for two ugly people. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
You're a part time lover and a fulltime friend. The monkey on your back is the latest trend. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.
Okay.
Can we make out now?
That's all I need from you. That's more than I could ever ask for. You're just golden, dude.
Well, yeah. You're the best friend I've ever had, even when you're being kind of evil.
Basically, I'm completely smitten with you, and I don't care if I'm making an ass out of myself right now, because you've seen me make an ass out of myself a million times, and you still want to be my friend.
Mine too.
I think it's because my heart starts pounding when I see you.
Wizard!
It does?
Plus, you're the only person who doesn't stare at my stomach all the fucking time. You actually look at my face. And every time I look at you, the baby starts kicking me super hard.
I was just bored. I only think school is awesome like, 80% of the time.
No, you're naturally smart. You always think of the funniest things to do. Remember when you passed me that postcard during Spanish class, and it was addressed like, "Junebug MacGuff, Row 4, Third Seat From the Blackboard"? And it said, "I'm having fun in Barcelona -- wish you were here"? That was hilarious.
I try really hard, actually...
No, for real. I think you are the coolest person I've ever met. And you don't even have to try.
What, you mean as friends?
Also, I think I'm in love with you.
You know it's okay.
You know, I've been thinking. I'm really sorry I was such a huge bitch to you. You didn't deserve that. You never deserve any of the poo I unload on you.
Well... thanks. I think I'm pretty much set until college on the Tic Tac front.
Because they're your fave. And you can never have too much of your favorite one-calorie breath mint.
Why?
Yeah. That was me.
Did you put like a hundred things of Tic Tacs in my mailbox?
Oh. It's fine. What's another ten pounds?
You shouldn't be carrying that heavy bag. I'll take it.
Huh?
Wait, let me take that.
Well at least you don't have to walk around with the evidence under your sweater. I'm a planet!
No...
What? Are you ashamed that we did it?
Oh my God, SHUT UP!
I still have your virginity!
Yeah, well... I still have your underwear.
Forget it, Bleek. Take Katrina the Douche Packer to the prom. I'm sure you guys will have a really bitchin' time!
Like I'd marry you! You would be the meanest wife of all time. And anyway, I know you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV. The Blair Witch Project was on Starz, and you were like, "Oh, I want to watch this, but we should make out instead. La la la."
Why? Because I got bored and had sex with you one day, and then I didn't, like, marry you?
Not this time. You don't have any reason to be mad at me. You broke my heart. I should be royally ticked at you, man. I should be really cheesed off. I shouldn't want to talk to you anymore.
That's not how our thing works! I hurl the accusations and you talk me down, remember?
What?
You're being really immature.
Katrina's not my girlfriend! And I doubt she was actually giving you the stinkeye. She just looks like that all the time.
I'm not mad. I'm in a fucking great mood. Despite the fact that I'm trapped in a fat suit I can't take off, despite the fact that everyone is making fun of me behind my back, despite the fact that your little girlfriend gave me the stinkeye in art class yesterday...
You're mad. Why are you mad?
Your mom must be really glad you're not taking me.
We're getting a stretch limo.
Yeah, I did ask her if she wanted to go. A bunch of us from the team are going to Benihana, then the prom, then Vijay's parents' cabin.
Leah just told me you were going with her.
Um, hi?
Are you honestly and truly going to prom with Katrina De Voort?
I don't. Katrina smells like soup. Her whole house smells of soup.
I totally heard you did.
I don't like Katrina.
What about Katrina De Voort? You could go out with Katrina De Voort.
Well, we were once. You know, that time.
Were we together?
We could get back together too.
Yeah. Sure. Once Tino gets a new drumhead we should be good to go.
Hey Junebug, when all this is over we should get the band back together again.
Well, I do.
Jesus, Bleek.
I always think you're cute. I think you're beautiful.
I'm going to really start looking like a dork soon. Will you still think I'm cute if I'm huge?
Oh. That's a relief.
I asked my dad and Bren not to narc us out to your folks, so we should be safe.
Is that normal?
The guy is super cool! His name is Mark and he's into old horror movies and he plays guitar. I actually hung out with him today.
Really? What are they like?
Yeah. Um, I hooked up a whole private adoption thing. These married people in Saint Cloud are going to be the parents.
So, it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days.
I miss it too.
I just wanted to come over. You know, say hi. I miss hanging out with you on school nights.
What's up?
I'll try to drop by later.
Okay, cool.
Sorry, Bleek... Going for my ultrasound. Gotta note and everything.
Hey Juno... A couple of us are going to the cineplex after school to donut that movie with the guy with eighteen kids.
Or something.
Charisma?
I don't mind. You definitely bring something to the table.
Oh yeah. I'm kind of a deadbeat lab partner, huh?
But you copy my work every week.
Oh, I couldn't copy your work.
I did the prep questions for this lab last night. You can copy my answers if you need to.
Well! Nothing like experimenting.
I'll see you at school, O.K.?
Whose idea was it?
I'm real sorry I had sex with you. I know it wasn't your idea.
Yeah, wizard, I guess. I mean do what you think is right.
So that's cool with you, then?
Yeah, typically. That's what happens when our moms and teachers get pregnant.
I thought I might, you know, nip it in the bud before it gets worse. Because I heard in health class that pregnancy often results in an infant.
So, what do you think we should do?
I know.
I'm supposed to be running.
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to. I have intrusive thoughts all the time.
I'm pregnant.
I don't know...
Go Carole.  So, guess what?
My mom uses color-safe bleach.
Your shorts are looking especially gold today.
Cool.
Yeah, I swiped it from Ms. Rancick.
Hey, cool tiger. Looks proud.
Hey Bleek.
Me neither. But I'm going to stop wearing underpants in order to raise my sperm count. See you.
I can't grow a moustache. It never comes in evenly.
You should grow a moustache. You're a real man now.
I don't really know anything about it.
What a trip, man.
Yup.
Did you hear it's yours?
Yup.
Just like our moms and teachers!
Yup.
Did you hear Juno MacGuff is pregnant?
Oh, hey Vijay.
Hey man.
You think you're special because you get to play Picture Pages up there?
What are you talking about?
Well I'm a nail technician, and I think we both ought to stick to what we know.
I'm an ultrasound technician, ma'am.
I said, what-is-your-job-title, Missy?
Excuse me?
What is your job title, exactly?
No... I guess not.
They could be utterly negligent. Maybe they'll do a far shittier job of raising a kid than my dumbass stepdaughter ever would. Have you considered that?
I just see a lot of teenage mothers come through here. It's obviously a poisonous environment for a baby to be raised in.
Wait, what's that supposed to mean?
Well, there we have it. Would you like to know the sex?
What? I'm not made of stone.
Oh Mac, no! He's a sweet kid. You know it wasn't his idea.
That was my first instinct too. Or D.W.I. Anything but this. And I'm going to punch that Bleeker kid in the weiner the next time I see him.
Oh God yeah. But I was hoping she was expelled or into hard drugs.
Did you see it coming when she sat us down here?
You're not going to be a Pop-Pop. And Juno's not going to be a ma. Somebody else is going to find a precious blessing from Jesus in this garbage dump of a situation. I friggin' hope.
I'm not ready to be a Pop-Pop.
I think kids get bored and have intercourse. And I think Junebug was a dummy about it. But we have to move on from here and help her figure it out.
Just tell it to me straight, Bren. Do you think this is my fault? Her mother's fault?
No, I mean the father! Who's the father, Juno?
Nails? Really?
It really didn't hurt that bad having him.
Shit.  Hey, can we give my kid the damn spinal tap already?
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream.
You mean I have to wait for it to get even worse? Why can't they just give it to me now?
It's called a spinal block, and you can't have it yet, honey. The doctor said you're not dilated enough.
Ow, ow, fuckity-ow. Bren, when do I get that Spinal Tap thing?
Oh, go fly a kite.
Wow, dream big!
Yeah, because you're allergic to their saliva. I've made a lot of sacrifices for you, Juno. And in a couple years you're going to move out -- and I'm getting Weimaraners.
We don't even have a dog!
I know enough.
You don't know anything about me!
It doesn't work that way, kiddo. You don't know squat about the dynamics of marriage.
Listen, Bren-duhhh, I think you're the one overstepping boundaries. You're acting like you're the one who has to go through this and get huge and push a baby out of your vag for someone else. Besides, who cares if he's married? I can have friends who are married.
That was a mistake, Juno. Mark is a married stranger. You overstepped a boundary.
I don't know, I just did. And while we were waiting for Vanessa, Mark and I watched The Wizard of Gore and he burned me some CDs of weird music. He's kind of cool.
You could have sent it to them. Why would you drive an hour out to East Jesus, Nowhere?
They said they wanted to know about this stuff. They said to keep them updated, so I did!
A couple of hours? Why are you going up there in the first place?
I drove to St. Cloud to show Mark and Vanessa the ultrasound. And I wound up staying for a couple of hours.
Where the hell have you been, Junebug?
The term "deliver" is so weird. Can we not say "deliver"?
First things first, we have to get you healthy. You need prenatal vitamins. Incidentally, they'll do incredible things for your nails, so that's a plus. Oh, and we need to schedule a doctor's appointment. Find out where you're going to deliver.
Cool it.
Well, you're a brave young lady. You're made of stronger stuff than I thought. You're a little Viking!
No.
Well, I'm not ready to be a mom.
Junebug, that is a tough, tough thing to do. Probably tougher than you can understand right now.
But they have a real lawyer and everything. I'm going to meet with them next weekend.
But I'm going to give it up for adoption. I already found the perfect people.
Oh, God...
Well, I was just asking. It seemed plausible.
No. The school would probably contact you in the event of my expulsion.
Hon, did you get expelled?
I have no idea how to spit this out.
I would never barf in your urn, Brenda. Maybe L.B. did it.
Juno? Did you happen to barf in my urn? Mac, you know that nice urn by the front door, the one I got up in Stillwater? I found some weird blue shit, I mean stuff, gunk, in there this morning.
Shit, yeah. Close it up.
Well, then we agree a traditional closed adoption would be best for all involved, then?
Yeah. Yeah! The way people used to do it. Quick and dirty, like ripping off a Band-Aid.
Oh. Uh, my stepmom took me to the doctor yesterday and they said I was twelve weeks.
No, I mean in your pregnancy.
I'm a junior.
So, Juno. First off, how far along are you?
Good, I'll be sure to do that, Amanda. I'll make a note of it.
Fine. Call me when you learn how to love just one person and not cheat at your brother's college just because you had four Smirnoff Ices and a bottle of Snow Peak Peach flavored Boone's!
Good. Call me when you're OFF the rag.
Yes they are, Josh. Since Mankato, they have been lying eyes.
What? My eyes are not lying!
Something happened. Because your eyes? Are very cold? They're very cold, Josh. They're cold, lying eyes.
You know, you've been acting like this ever since I went up to see my brother at Mankato. I told you, nothing happened!
No Josh, I don't take orders. Not from you and not from any man.
Amanda, I told you to go to the infirmary and lie down. You never listen.
Not really. I'm sixteen. I'm old enough to tell when people are acting like total a-holes!
God, you're so young.
Please don't get a divorce! God, Mark, just do me a solid and stay with your wife.
Yeah, but didn't you love Vanessa when you married her? If you love someone once, you can love them again, I know it. My friend Leah has gone out with the same guy, like, four times. You're just not trying.
That's not the point. We're just not in love anymore.
Yeah, I guess... Is this my fault? Is Vanessa mad at you because of me?
This...  ...this is what my life has become. Stuff in boxes. Stuff underground. Is that so appealing to you?
I don't know. I just liked being your friend. I sort of liked becoming furniture in your weird life.
I... How do you think of me, Juno? Why are you here?
But you're old!
A baby is not going to fix everything. Besides, I don't know if I'm ready to be a father.
I want you guys to adopt the Buglet. I wanted everything to be perfect. Not shitty and broken like everyone else's family. Listen, once I have the baby, Vanessa is going to finally be happy, and everything will be all right. Believe me on this one!
But I thought you'd be cool if...
This isn't what we agreed on. You guys have to take care of... this! You are the chosen custodians of the big-ass bump!
What's the matter?
No. No, you definitely cannot do that, Mark. That's a big, fat sack of no!
No?
No.
It's just not working out, but I'm getting my own place in the city... and I've got it all planned out. It's something I've wanted to do for a long time...
What?
I'm leaving Vanessa.
I don't know.
What are you?
Only squares and nerds go to dances.
You've never been to a dance, have you?
Oh, okay. Like this.
Oh man, I can just picture you slow dancing like a dork!
Her name was Cynthia Vogel and she was a good dance partner. Even let me put my hands on her butt.
That's almost interesting, Mark. Who did you dance with?
Yeah, this song's older than me, if you can believe that. I danced to it at my senior prom.
You do?
I actually know this one.
What?
Most Fruitful Yuki is bad ass, man. You should be proud to be the same condition.
Wow, I actually feel like less of a fat dork now.
Isn't that great? I got it when I was in Japan with my band. She reminds me of you.
"Most Fruitful Yuki"? What is... Oh my god, she's a pregnant superhero!
You're gonna like this, I promise.
Oh God, you're one of those guys...
Hilarious. No, I just keep all of my old comics down here, and I want to show you one of them.
Oh, Mark! Is this the baby's room? It's beautiful!
Come on, I have something for you.
Cool.
Nope. We're safe.
Is Vanessa here?
Wow. That shirt is working hard.
Go learn something.
Okay, stop surfing porn and get back to work. Just wanted to say hi.
I'm dying to see what you've got to teach me.
Consider it your musical education.
I imagine you have a collection of punk chestnuts to prove your point.
Well, when you're used to the raw power of Iggy and the Stooges, everything else sounds kind of precious by comparison.
Cute?
I sort of like it. I mean, it's cute.
Oh really? What's the verdict?
So, I've been spending a lot of time listening to that weird CD you made me.
Hello?
You should have gone to China. I heard they give away babies like free iPods. They shoot 'em out of those T-shirt guns at sports events.
Cold feet.
Why?
I doubt anyone's throwing us a shower.
Yeah. Mall madness, huh?
Hey, what kind of swag did you score?
I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises.
Juno was nice enough to bring this by for us.
I'll handle this. I'm really good at diffusing mom-type rage.
Nothing. She just hates when I sit around watching movies and 'not contributing.'
Why? What the big deal?
Vanessa. Shit, you better get out of here.
You're something else.
I weighed my options. But after all this, I'm glad I didn't, you know, get rid of it. I want to have it. For you guys.
You know, not many teenage girls in your situation would actually go through with this.
Uh, thanks.
That suits you.
My dad went through this phase where he was obsessed with Greek and Roman mythology. He named me after Zeus's wife. I mean, Zeus had other lays, but I'm pretty sure Juno was his only wife. She was supposed to be really beautiful but really mean. Like Diana Ross.
God, pretentious much? I guess everyone should have a mysterious name like Juno, huh?
Madison? Isn't that kind of... I don't know, gay?
Well, sort of. Vanessa likes Madison for a girl.
So, have you and Vanessa thought of a name for the baby yet?
Here's to dovetailing interests.
This is even better than Suspiria. You've got decent taste in slasher movies, Mark.
Frankly, this looks kind of stupid.
Argento's good, but Lewis is completely demented. We're talking buckets of goo. Red corn syrup everywhere. And fake brains up the yin-yang.
Please. Dario Argento is the ultimate master of horror.
Oh yeah. It's Herschel Gordon Lewis. He's the ultimate master of horror.
The Wizard of Gore?
Yeah, I definitely need to make you some CDs. At least while my kid is hanging out in there.
I didn't. But it's a three-way tie between the Stooges, Patti Smith and the Runaways.
It's the least I can do. What did you say your favorite band was?
You don't have to do that.
This album is all Carpenters covers by alt-rock bands. It's called If I Were a Carpenter. It is God. I'll rip a copy for you before you leave.
Hey, I like this.
Don't you remember you told me you loved me, baby...
You haven't heard the Carpenters like this. Listen.
I've heard the Carpenters before. Chick drummer and freaky dude. Not unlike the White Stripes.
It's only my favorite song. It's Sonic Youth doing "Superstar" by the Carpenters.
What is it?
Well don't worry about it. My stepmom is forcing me to eat really healthy. She won't even let me stand in front of the microwave or eat red M&Ms. Hope you're ready.
We definitely want it to have junk.
Yeah?
I know what junk is.
You know... it's parts...
Junk?
That's what you think. I drink tons of booze so you might get one of those scary neuter-babies that's born without junk.
Well, it can really only go two ways.
The doctor can tell, but I decided not to know. I want it to be a big surprise.
Can you tell if it's a boy or a girl?
No, he's the dad.
Oh, is he bald and amorphous?
I think it kind of looks like my friend, Paulie.
You're kidding!
Behold, good sir! The very first photo of your future child.
They'd say you came a long way out here not knowing if anyone would be home.
You're kind of a sellout, aren't you? What would the Melvins say?
I wrote that.
Titanium Power! Get more snatch by the batch!
Have you seen those ads for Titanium Power men's deodorant?
Oh.
Commercials.
Like what?
No, more commercial stuff.
No shit. Like Johannes Brahms?
I mostly work from home. I'm a composer.
Why aren't you at work?
I don't know. Something to do with the four-packs...  ...They're not bad.
Sure. What is it with you rich people and your herb-infused juices?
Come on in. You wanna Ginseng Cooler?
Right. I hear they can be kind of a time-suck.
No, she's working late tonight. She's trying to accrue some extra time off for when, you know...
I've got something really cool to show you guys. Is Vanessa here?
Juno? Wow, I didn't expect to see you here.
That's all right. My axe is named Roosevelt. After Franklin, not Ted. Franklin was the hot one with the polio.
Yeah.
Your guitar is named Kimber?
You weren't even alive!
Nuh-uh, 1977! Punk Volume 1. You weren't there, so you can't understand the magic.
'93. I'm telling you that was the best time for rock and roll.
When was this, like '96?
Well, we were playing with them and I busted this guitar onstage. It cost me $800 and a dime bag just to have it fixed.
Yeah.
Tell me about it. I used to play in a really tight band back when I lived in Chicago, and one night we opened for the Melvins... do you know who the Melvins are?
What is that, Mahogany? What happens if you crack the neck?
Sorry. I swear I'm not a gear snob.
What? I'm a pawn shop rocker.
Oh.
I rock a Harmony.
What do you play?
It's beautiful. I've always liked Gibson better than Fender.
Shut up.
Wow, you get a whole room in your own house? She's got you on a long leash there, Mark.
Oh. That's, uh, my room. Vanessa lets me have a room for all my old stuff.
We'd better get back downstairs ASAP.
Blood and guts.
Viscera?
You should be happy, Holmes. I'm giving you and Vanessa the gift of life. Sweet, screaming, pooping life! And you don't even have to be there when the baby comes out of me all covered in...
Am I supposed to feel happy now?
I did steal a squirt of perfume. What do you think? It's Clinique Happy.
I don't get a klepto vibe from you. Evil genius? Maybe. Arsonist? Wouldn't rule it out.
Well, you don't just invite a random pregnant teenager into your house and leave her unsupervised. I could be a total klepto, for all you know.
What? No! Do we come off like paranoid yuppies or something?
Did your wife send you up here to spy on me?
Sorry. I was just getting something.
Whoops! Yikes, I didn't expect to see you up here.
Technically, that would be kickin' it Old Testament.
Whoah. I don't want to see pictures. I don't need to be notified of anything. Can't we just kick it old school? I could just put the baby in a basket and send it your way. You know, like Moses in the reeds.
Well, I just have the baby and give it to you, right?
So, let's discuss how we're gonna do this... thing.
Cool. Well, let's sit down and get to know each other a bit.
No.
Geeeerta Rauuuss!
This is our attorney, Gerta Rauss.
Really? Fingernails?
Juno! Your baby probably has a beating heart, you know. It can feel pain. And it has fingernails.
Well, it was nice seeing you.
I heard that was you.
Wise move. I know this girl who had a huge crazy freakout because she took too many behavioral meds at once. She took off her clothes and jumped into the fountain at Ridgedale Mall and she was like, "Blaaaaah! I'm a kraken from the sea!"
No thanks. I'm off pills.
You should try Adderall.
No, not yet. I tried to work on it a little last night, but I'm having trouble concentrating.
Good. I'm good.  Did you finish that paper for Worth's class yet?
Oh, hi Juno. How are you?
Uh, hi Su-Chin.
I'm not crying. I'm allergic to fine home furnishings. See you later.
Mark? Why is Juno crying?
Nothing.
Juno? What's going on?
Wow! It's magical.
Elbow.
Oh my God -- It moved! I felt it!
Are you kidding? Everyone at school is always grabbing at my belly. I'm like a legend. They call me the Cautionary Whale.
Um... Juno, can I -- Can I touch it?
Happy? Oh, you mean like, physically. I'm good. Look, I have a snooze button now!
Oh, okay. So... how are you feeling?
Please excuse Leah. She's mentally challenged.
No...
Just, you know, shopping with my girlfriends.
Well hi Vanessa! What brings you to the mall today?
Naah. I'm already pregnant, so they figure nothing worse could happen to me. I gotta bounce anyway. It was nice seeing you guys again.
Right. Well, Juno, your parents must be wondering where you are. You might want to head home.
No, no, I don't think that, Juno. It's just that, we went through a situation before where it didn't work out.
What do you mean? You mean...  Do you think I'm going to flake out on you?
Um, I think people are kind of unsure about the situation because it's not, you know, set in stone.
I thought people got all that stuff at baby showers. When my stepmom had my sister I remember she got about a million presents. They were all lame though, so I wasn't jealous.
Oh it's just some stuff I picked up. For, you know, the baby. Babies need a lot of things. I want everything to be just right.
Yeah. Yeah, it kind of does.
Doesn't it look like it's waving? It's kind of like it's saying "Hi, Vanessa. Will you be my mommy?"
Oh my God...
This is the baby. Your baby.
What...
Sure. It's the right size and everything. I even saw its phalanges today! Check this...
Is the baby okay?
I went to the doctor today.
Then what's going on?
Nothing...
Juno! God, you startled me. What are you doing here? What's wrong?
Look, if I could give it to you now, I would. But it probably looks like a Sea Monkey at this point, so I think we should leave it in there for a while until it gets cuter, you know?
Oh really?
I'm going to say I'm 104% sure.
So, then, you really think you're going to go ahead with this?
Oh. Sure. Of course you'd want to know how your kid is cooking.
Room with a toilet, got it.
Sure. The powder room down here is being re-tiled, but you can use the master bath upstairs. Go up, then turn left and on your right...
Can I use the facilities first? Being pregnant makes you pee like Seabiscuit.
Well, shall we start looking over the paperwork? Gerta has already drafted some preliminary documents.
Well, you're lucky it's not you.
I think pregnancy is beautiful.
Yeah, but I hardly noticed it. I'm more worried about the part where I have to start wearing jeans with an elastic panel in the front.
The tough part's almost over for you. I mean, my girlfriends always tell me the first couple months are the hardest.
Yeah, apparently. I'm having it on May 4.
Oh, that's marvelous. So you're almost into your second trimester, then?
A Maker's Mark, please. Up.
I'll get drinks. What would everyone like? I've got Pellegrino, Vitamin Water...
You found us in the Penny Saver?
Wicked pic in the Penny Saver, by the way. Super classy. Not like those other people with the fake woods in the background. Like I'm really going to fall for that, you know?
Sure.
Can I take your coats?
Vanessa, right?
Hi! I'm Vanessa. You must be Juno and Mr. MacGuff. I'm Vanessa.
Congrats.
My partner uses these every time we have intercourse. They make his balls smell like pie.
No thank you. I'm off sex.
Would you like some free condoms? They're boysenberry.
Juno MacGuff.
Your name, please?
Hi. I'm here for the big show?
Thundercats are go!
Or...
Either I just pissed my pants or...
What?!
Well, of course. Your old D-A-D! You know I'll always be there to love and support you, no matter what kind of pickle you're in.
I sort of already have.
It's not easy, that's for sure. Now, I may not have the best track record in the world, but I have been with your stepmother for ten years now, and I'm proud to say that we're very happy.
Dad, it's not about that. I just need to know that it's possible for two people to stay happy together forever. Or at least for a few years.
Tore up from the floor up?
Please stop now.
Well, it's kind of skanky. Isn't that what you girls call it? Skanky? Skeevy?
Dad, no!
Are you having boy trouble? I gotta be honest; I don't much approve of you dating in your condition, 'cause... well, that's kind of messed up.
Yeah, like people in love.
You mean like couples?
I guess I wonder sometimes if people ever stay together for good.
Think you can narrow it down for me.
I'm losing my faith in humanity.
You look a little morose, honey. What's eating you?
Yeah, she does.
No, but you know Bren. She dreams big.
Tot ice skating? Tots can't ice skate. Liberty Bell's still getting the hang of stairs.
Bren took Liberty Bell to her tot ice skating class.
Dealing with stuff way beyond my maturity level. Where is everyone?
Hey, big puffy version of Junebug. Where have you been?
Hi Dad.
Well, no... I'm not going to sell the baby. I just want it to grow up with people who are ready to love it and be parents. I'm in high school, dude. I'm ill-equipped.
Excuse me?
I also have good teeth. No cavities. We finally got fluoridated water in Dancing Elk.
She's joking. Junebug has a wonderful sense of humor, which is just one of her many genetic gifts.
I have no idea what kind of girl I am.
I thought you were the kind of girl who knew when to say when.
Once! And she didn't die, if you recall!
Damn skippy, you're not! You don't even remember to give Liberty Bell her breathing meds.
Yeah, well, there's this couple who've been trying to have a baby for five years.
Did you say you were thinking about adoption?
No, it's not. Paulie is virile, by the way. He was very good in... chair.
Okay, this is no laughing matter.
Paulie Bleeker? I didn't know he had it in him!
What?
The baby? I don't know anything about it yet. I only know it's got fingernails, allegedly.
Who is the kid?
I'm so sorry, you guys. If it's any consolation, I have heartburn that's like, radiating down to my kneecaps and I haven't gone number two since Wednesday. Morning!
You're pregnant?
They say they're going to pay my medical expenses and everything. I promise this will all be resolved in thirty-odd weeks, and we can pretend it never happened.
What have you done, Junebug? Did you hit someone with the Previa?
No, no, I'm definitely not asking for anything. Except maybe mercy. Like, it would be really great if nobody hit me.
Do you need a large sum of money? Legal counsel?
Which maneuver, sir? The one in which I moved an entire living room set from one lawn to another, or the one in which I cleared a sixty-four ounce blue slushie in ten minutes?
So Juno, how did your maneuver go last night?
My dad used to be in the Army, but now he's just your average HVAC specialist. He and my mom got divorced when I was five. She lives on a Havasu reservation in Arizona...
You should have seen this octopus furnace. I had to get out my Hazmat suit just to get up in there...
I don't know. It's not... seasoned yet. Wait. Huh. Yeah, there's that pink plus sign again. God, it's unholy.
So what's the prognosis, Fertile Myrtle? Minus or plus?
Well, it's not. You're not a lion in a pride!  These kids, acting like lions with their unplanned pregnancies and their Sunny Delights.
Jesus, I didn't say it was.
Well, you know where the lavatory is.  You pay for that pee stick when you're done! Don't think it's yours just because you've marked it with your urine!
Silencio! I just drank my weight in Sunny D. and I have to go, pronto.
Maybe you're having twins. Maybe your little boyfriend's got mutant sperms and he knocked you up twice!
I think the last one was defective. The plus sign looked more like a division sign.
Well, well. If it isn't MacGuff the Crime Dog! Back for another test?
Prom is for wenises, anyway. Once you're old enough to go, it's not cool anymore.
Okay Juno, I'm really convinced.
I'm not jealous, and I don't care. I just know he doesn't like Katrina and I don't think he should toy with her emotions like that. She seems so nice and all.
Are you jealous? I thought you said you didn't care what he did.
Yeah, well, Bleek trusted me. We're best friends.
I wouldn't be so sure about that. He did it with you. He's a man now.
There's no way in hell they're having sex or even holding hands.
Oh, it totally does. I was there for her birthday about four years ago and it was like Lipton Landing. But you know, boys have endured worse things for nookie.
Bleeker told me Katrina's whole house reeks of soup!
He asked her. I heard they were going to Benihana, then the prom, then to Vijay's parents' cabin.
Katrina? Pfft, no way. He doesn't like Katrina. It must be a pity date.
Did you hear Bleek is going to prom with Katrina De Voort?
Eww, he's all beardy!
Keith's hot.
Please do not refer to Mr. Conyers as "Keith," okay? My barf reflex is already heightened these days.
I don't have a choice. Keith's been grading me really hard lately.
Wow, someone's been actually doing her geometry homework for once!
Well, you are kind of... convex.
God, why is everyone always staring at me?
Hot!
Trust me, you don't. I actually have to wear a bra now. And I have to rub this nasty cocoa butter stuff all over myself or my skin could get stretched too far and explode.
I wish my funbags would get bigger.
Almost eight. You wouldn't believe how weird I look naked.
God, you're getting huge. How many months has it been now?
God, Spermy. Must you always feed?
I want a huge cookie. And like, a lamb kebob. Simultaneously.
Right, seriously.
She's gonna steal that kid for her collection.
I just thought she'd look really old in real life.
You sound shocked or something.
No way! She's pretty.
Of the Penny Saver Lorings?
That's her. That's Vanessa Loring.
What?
Hly shht!
Share the love, Tits!
Yum. This pretzel tastes like a friggin' donut!
Or stage parents!
How do you know I'm so poisonous? Like, what if the adoptive parents turn out to be evil molesters?
No way. No, I definitely don't want to know.
Aw, please Junebug?
It is really weird looking. It's like it's not even real. I can't believe there are saps who actually cry at these things.
Touche.
Hey, I'm a sacred vessel. All you've got in your belly is Taco Bell!
Check out Baby Big-Head. That kid is scary!
I'm pregnant.
Best to just tell them, man. Rip off the Band-Aid and let it bleed.
Hey, Juno. Juno! Look at this one.
Yeesh, they sound like a cult. Besides, they're greedy bitches. They already have three kids!
All right, how about this one? "Healthy, educated couple seeking infant to join our family of five. You will be compensated. Help us complete the circle of love."
I was thinking a graphic designer, mid-thirties, and his cool Asian wife who dresses awesome and plays bass. But I'm trying to not be too particular.
What did you have in mind, a family of disturbed loners who are into gunplay and incest?
No, I heard you. I just can't give the baby to people who describe themselves as "wholesome." I'm looking for something a little edgier.
You're not listening to me.
There's a guy in here who's giving away a piano. Free for the hauling! We should put it in Bleeker's yard.
Look at this one "Wholesome, spiritually wealthy couple have found true love with each other."  "All that's missing is your bastard."
Yeah, but it sucks for free.
The Penny Saver sucks.
Come on, Leah. I can't scope out wannabe parents in the Penny Saver! That's tacky. That's like buying clothes at the Pump n' Munch.
Oh yeah! "Desperately Seeking Spawn." They're right by the ads for like, iguanas and terriers and used fitness equipment. It's totally legit.
There are ads? For parents?
Well, maybe you could look at one of those adoption ads. I see them all the time in the Penny Saver.
Bleeker and I were going to go to Gettysburg for spring break.
Maybe they'll totally shit and be super mad at you and not let you graduate or go to Cabo San Lucas for spring break.
I know. Maybe they'll canonize me for being so selfless.
But then you'll get huge. Your chest is going to milktate. And you have to tell everyone you're pregnant.
What does that even mean? Anyway, I got to thinking on the way over. I was thinking maybe I could give the baby to somebody who actually likes that kind of thing. You know, like a woman with a bum ovary or something. Or some nice lesbos.
Keep your voice down dude, my mom's around here somewhere. She doesn't know we're sexually active.
I'm staying pregnant, Le.
Oh, gruesome. I wonder if the baby's claws could scratch your vag on the way out?
I couldn't do it, Leah! It smelled like a dentist in there. They had these really horrible magazines, with, like, spritz cookie recipes and bad fiction and water stains, like someone read them in the tub. And the receptionist tried to give me these weird condoms that looked like grape suckers, and she told me about her boyfriend's pie balls, and Su-Chin Kuah was there, and she told me the baby had fingernails. Fingernails!
What are you doing here, dumbass? I thought I was supposed to pick you up at four.
It was magnificent, man!
So, what was it like humping Bleeker's bony bod?
It's extremely complicated, and I'd rather not talk about it in my fragile state.
Aha! You love him.
Like, a year ago, in Spanish class.
When did you decide you were going to do Bleeker?
Nah, it was a premeditated act. The sex, I mean, not getting pregnant.
So, you were bored? Is that how this blessed miracle came to be?
That is sick, man.
Heavy lifting can only help you at this point.
Eh, I'll call them myself. But I do need your help with something very urgent.
Want me to call for you? I called for Becky last year.
I know. Women Now, I guess. The commercial says they help women now.
Well, are you going to go to Havenbrooke or Women Now for the abortion? You need a note from your parents for Havenbrooke.
That's the kind of emotion I was looking for in the first take.
Oh my God! Oh shit! Phuket Thailand!
Unfortunately, yes.
Is this for real? Like for real, for real?
I drank like ten tons of Sunny Delight. Anyway, yeah. I'm pregnant. And you're shockingly cavalier.
How did you even generate enough pee for three pregnancy tests?
It's not a food baby. I took three pregnancy tests today. I am definitely up the spout.
Maybe it's just a food baby. Did you have a big lunch?
Dude, I'm pregnant.
Only the one in my pants.
No it's Morgan Freeman. Got any bones that need collecting?
Is this Juno?
I am a suicide risk.
Yo-yo-yiggity-yo.
You don't make anything. It's for exercising.
What do you make with that?
A Pilates machine?
So. What's that thing?
Well, I was born to be a mother. Some of us are.
Yes. Heating and air conditioning.
Well, haven't you ever felt like you were born to do something?
You don't say.
Oh no. Thank you. Come on in.
Hello. Thank you for having me and my irresponsible child over to your home.
Aren't you the cool guy?
It's a loft.
A hotel?
Yeah, downtown.
Have you found a place to stay?
Looks like it, yeah.
We're actually, finally doing this?
No, it's fine. Thanks for making the call, I guess.
I called Gerta Rauss. She says she can represent both of us. They call it "collaborative divorce." It's apparently all the rage right now. And it's easy because we don't have children.
Don't mock me.
Like what? Be a rock star?
I don't know. There's just things I still want to do.
What would be a good time for you?
Ever since, it's just been like a ticking clock.
She answered our prayers.
It all just happened so fast. We put that ad in the paper. I thought it would take months if, you know, ever and then -- boom -- Two weeks later, she's in our living room.
Why don't we let Juno go home and we can discuss this later on, okay?
I know we're prepared. I just don't know if... I'm ready.
Of course we're ready. We've taken all the classes. The nursery. The books --
I've been just wondering if we're, you know, ready.
What are you referring to?
Just thinking if this is really the right thing for us.
What?
I didn't do anything... I just... I've just been thinking.
What did you do?
She's hormonal. Right, June? It's just part of the whole process.
Juno, what's the matter?
Can you see it?
Hm.
That wall is going to need something. Maybe we could put our first family picture there.
And I disagree.
I just think it's too early to paint. That's my opinion.
You should read the book. I even flagged the "daddy chapters" for you.
Nesting, huh? Are you planning to build the crib out of twigs and saliva?
What to Expect says that readying the baby's room is an important process for women. It's called "nesting."
Or you could just wait a couple months. It's not like the baby's going to storm in here any second and demand dessert-colored walls.
I think I'm leaning toward Custard in this light. I don't know. I should paint a small area...
Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.
Well, I wanted to pick something gender-neutral for now. Once we get the baby, God willing, we can create a more decisive palette.
They're yellow.
What do you think? Custard or Cheesecake?
Juno just wanted a closer look at Kimber here.
You guys are playing music?
I want to be a mommy so badly!
Vanessa has wanted a baby since we got married.
You're doing an amazing and selfless thing for us.
Are you looking for any other compensation?
Obviously, we'll compensate you for your medical expenses.
