I once had to judge a Theta Chi Tighty- Whitey contest. Trust me -- I can handle anything.
Well, then. You'll need excellent recommendations from your professors, a heck of an admissions essay and at least a one-seventy-five on your LSATs.
I don't need backups. Harvard is the school I'm going to.
Yes, but your major is Fashion Merchandising. Harvard won't be impressed that you aced "History of Lycra". What are your backups?
I have a 4.0.
But it's a top three school --
That's right.
Harvard Law School?
Who?
You're fired. I have new representation.
What?
Get up.
What're you so happy about? You're on trial for murder.
I believe we are.
Are we done for today?
I'll take that as a no.
Go to hell.
Were you with another man?
I can't give you that. And if you put me on the stand, I'll lie.
Brooke, I believe you. But a jury is gonna want an alibi.
He was thirty-four years older than you. That doesn't sound so good to a jury.
I loved him!
Insurance? A love affair? Pure unadulterated hatred? Believe me, the DA will come up with plenty of reasons.
Why would I kill my husband?
Where they saw you standing over the body covered in his blood.
I didn't do it! I walked in, saw my husband lying on the floor, bent down to check his heart, screamed my head off and Chutney and Enrique ran inside.
You understand you're on trial for murder?
I can't tell you.
What alibi?
To me it is. He doesn't trust me. Why should I trust him?
That's not what's important.
He thinks I'm guilty, doesn't he?
He's an ass that's gonna try.
But is he an ass that's gonna win my case?
He's the top defense attorney in the state. Of course he's an ass.
Is he always such an ass?
He did leave a Cher tape in the pool house once --
Enrique's gay. I'm sure of it.
What's going on?
I believe you! Don't worry.
I'm not having an affair with Enrique -- you know a Delta Gamma would never sleep with a man who wears a thong! I just liked watching him bend over to clean the filter --
I'm a fraud! But it's not like normal people can have this ass! If my fans knew, I'd lose everything. I've already lost my husband. I rather be in jail then lose my reputation!
No!
I know! You helped me go from a six to a four!
I have made my fortune on my ability to teach women how to perfect their bodies with the Brooke's Butt Buster workout.
How?
That's just it -- it would ruin me!
Whatever it is -- it could save you.
It's so shameful...
Who could better understand than me?
Elle, I can't. You don't understand.
He means well. He's really brilliant and all.
I'm glad it's you and not Donovan.
Are you okay? You look so sad... and so orange.
Sort of.
You took my class in LA. You had the best high kick I've ever seen. Are you one of my lawyers?
I'm a Delta Gamma and I'm a huge fan of yours!
His dead body with a bullet in it.
Was there any evidence that Mrs. Windham shot him?
Uh, yeah, because the bitch shot him.
Was there any reason for you to believe she had discarded a weapon?
No.
Did she have a weapon in her hand?
I got out of the shower, walked downstairs, saw her standing over my father, and called the police.
You, however, had time to hide the gun, didn't you, Chutney? After you shot your father?
She's younger than I am. Did she tell you that? How would you feel if your father married someone younger than you?
And if you in fact, heard the gunshot, then Brooke Windham wouldn't have had time to hide the gun before you got downstairs. Which would mean that you would've had to have found Mrs. Windham with a gun in her hand to make your story sound plausible. Isn't that right?
That's right. Because isn't the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidden to wet your hair for at least twenty-four hours after getting a perm at the risk of de-activating the ammonium thiglycolate?
Because they got wet.
Chutney, why is it that Tracy Marcinko's curls were ruined when she got hosed down?
You know, a girl in my sorority, Tracy Marcinko, got a perm once. Even though we all told her not to. Curls really weren't the right look for her --  She didn't have your bone structure.
Two a year since I was twelve. You do the math.
How many, would you say?
Yes.
Yes, Your Honor. Had you ever gotten a perm before, Miss Windham?
Yes.
Where you got in the shower.
I got up, went to Starbucks, went to the gym, got a perm, and came home.
Miss Windham, can you tell us what you'd been doing earlier in the day?
Yes. I was washing my hair.
But you didn't hear the shot, because you were in the shower.
I guess.
So at some point in the -- twenty minutes you were in the shower, your father was shot?
No. I was in the shower.
Did you hear a shot fired?
No, she'd stashed it by then.
But Mrs. Windham didn't have a gun?
I saw Brooke standing over his body, drenched in his blood.
And when you came downstairs, what happened?
Not that I saw. But like I said, I went straight upstairs to take a shower.
Okay -- Ms. Windham, when you uh arrived back at the house? Was your father there?
Tell him, Paulette.
Huh?
Due to the fact that you retained the residence, Ms. Bonafante is entitled to full ownership of the canine property in question and we will be enforcing said ownership immediately.
Come again?
I'm Elle Woods. Ms. Bonafante's attorney.
Who's askin'?
Dewey Newcomb?
But you agreed last night. In the office? When we were discussing my "career"?
I do. I'm not allowing it.
Yes, I am.
You're not going up there.
I'm a man who knows what I want.
So everything you just said --
You're a beautiful girl, Elle.
You're hitting on me?
Not really. I know how competitive it all is --
I think it's time discuss your career path. Have you thought about where you might be a summer associate?
I'm impressed that you took the initiative to go there and get it. That's what makes a good lawyer. And on top of that, you gained the client's trust and kept it. That's what makes a great lawyer. You're smart, Elle. Smarter than most of the guys I have on my payroll.
I'm sorry, but --
About the alibi --
Thank you.
You followed your intuition today and you were right on target. I should've listened.
Is everything okay?
Sit down.
Thank you!
Good work today, Ms. Woods.
He's gay -- he isn't Brooke's lover! He's making it up. Whoever killed Heyworth is paying him off.
What are you talking about?
I promised her I'd keep it secret. I can't break the bonds of sisterhood!
Why the hell not?
Yes. But I can't tell you what it is.
Did you get it?
That's touching, Elle, but we need an alibi.
All I know is -- it's not Brooke.
Just the love in my heart.
Mr. Salvatore, do you have any proof that you and Mrs. Windham were having an affair?
Oh, yes. Mrs. Windham is the most sweet, wonderful woman I know. I have loved her since the day she hired me. She could never do something this awful. I know this because we are very close.
So she was distraught that her husband was dead?
No, she was crying her eyes out.
Was she carrying a weapon?
I saw Mrs. Windham standing over the body of Mr. Windham.
What did you see when you entered the house?
See?
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Rule 3:03.
Forget it. I've already spent too many hours crying over you.
Uh -- both?
For what? Breaking my heart or ruining sex for me with any other man?
I'm sorry?
-- uh --
We spend a beautiful night together and then I never hear from you again?
What?
Why didn't you call me?
He chose them already?
Donovan's firm is defending a major murder case and his caseload is so heavy he's taking on first year interns.
What's going on?
Well, I recommend knowing before speaking. The law leaves much room for interpretation -- but very little for self-doubt.
I don't know.
-- his life?
How about --
I think so...
Would you be willing to stake your life on it?
Yes?
Aristotle.
Yes?
What's the point of staying? All people see when they look at me is blonde hair and big boobs. No one's ever going to take me seriously. The people at law school don't, Warner doesn't -- I don't even think my parents take me seriously. They wanted me to grow up and become a Victoria's Secret model who marries a rock star. Now, for the first time, it seemed like someone expected me to do something better with my life than wear underwear for a living. But I was kidding myself -- Donovan didn't see me as a lawyer. He saw me as a piece of ass just like everyone else. It turns out, I am a joke.
You can't go home!
Of course I can believe it. You're going to make a great lawyer.
Great. Donovan actually said the words "Good work, Ms. Woods". He takes me seriously! Can you believe it?
How'd it go at the trial?
I'm so happy for you!
And after they set his nose, he came back for his truck and I offered to drive for him since he was still on pain-killers and we spent the whole afternoon together! He was unconscious for part of it, but it was really fun!
Trust me. You've got the equipment, you just need to read the manual.
Good one.
I am. And I'm looking at a beautiful, fabulous, sexy woman.
What's the point?  Look at me.
Have you ever considered asking him if he'd like a cold beverage? Or perhaps a neck massage?
No. Sometimes I say "Okay" instead of "Fine".
So, this is the only interaction you two have ever had?
That's because men are big, fat retards who don't -- Oh, my God...
I feel so bad for her. I mean, she's in jail! And she's innocent. But I'm the only one who believes her. Donovan totally thinks she's guilty.
Which must be a nice vacation for his balls...
Look at him. He's still scratching his head.
God, that felt great!
Yes, you are. Go -- you can do this.
No.
You ready?
I couldn't help it! It was the most fun I've had since I've been in law school. Not only was I good enough for Warner -- I was better than him. He has to see serious I am now. Even Donovan was impressed, and he's a total hard-ass.
You showed up Warner in class? You're supposed to be showing up Sarah.
Definitely! I love him!
Could I be anymore goddamn spastic?  So you're sure, this Warner guy is "the one"?
She could use some mascara and some serious highlights, but she's not completely unfortunate-looking.
Is she?
Is she as pretty as you?
She's from Connecticut. She belongs to his stupid country club.
So, what's this Sarah got that you don't? Three tits?
That's terrible!
What could I do?  He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I'm a middle- aged high-school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me.
No!
I didn't even get to go to his birthday party.
Cried a lot and gained twenty pounds. Dewey kept the trailer and my precious baby Rufus. I got jackcrap.
What'd you do?
You're asking the wrong girl. I'm with my guy eight years and then one day it's "I met someone else. Move out."
Well, what am I supposed to do? He's engaged! She's got the family six- carat on her bony, unpolished finger.
After you went to all that trouble?
Spill.
You can't even imagine.
Delta. Gamma.
Name?
I'm her sister.
Relation?
Uh -- family.
Licensed attorney or family member?
I'm here to see Brooke Windham.
Hell, yes. We've got finals to study for. In Jamaica.
You're pawning The Rock?!
Yes, he is.
And Donovan's a scumbag for coming on to you.
Yes, you are.
I'm a bitch.
Maybe you should sleep with the judge too. Then we can win the case.
What?
You almost had me fooled.
He's already got his coffee -- maybe he needs a donut.
Really?
Donovan asked to see you before you leave.
You're kidding!
Did you know he got wait-listed when he applied? His father had to make a call.
I know. He has it sent out.
Warner can't even do his own laundry.
Really? Thanks.
I know. I thought that was very -- classy of you.
It's not my alibi to tell --
I'm still can't believe you didn't tell Donovan the alibi.
Too bad you and I are the only ones.
I believe her, too. I don't think she's having an affair with Enrique.
Although Mr. Huntington makes an excellent point, I have to wonder if the defendant kept a thorough record of each sperm emission made throughout his life?
The idiot speaks.
Oh, God, was this like an RSVP thing?
Our group is full.
You know her?
Hi. Sarah Knottingham.
Not yet.
Hello! You're like, a lawyer.
I can't believe you guys are actually here -- but this case is important. I'll make it up to you after finals, okay? I -- promise. I really want to do a good job.
Speaking of which, can you please put on some party clothes? You look like someone rolled you in something sticky and dragged you through a K- Mart.
Margot!
Oh, how sweet! You made friends with a nerdy girl.
I will...
Keep June first open -- you're one of my bridesmaids. And give Warner our love.
No way --
Josh proposed!
What?!
Picking out my wedding dress!
Power yoga?
It's Elle!  Guess what I'm doing right this second?
Why, yes, Margot, I do. Once again, we joined Hope in the search for her identity. As you know, she's been brainwashed by the evil Stefano --
Elle, do you know what happened on "Days of Our Lives" yesterday?
My lucky scrunchie. It helped me pass Spanish.
Your scrunchie?
Here. You're gonna need this.
I have the highest GPA in Delta Gamma!
But isn't it kind of hard to get into law school?
Once Warner sees me as a serious law student, he'll want me back. It's a completely brilliant plan!
So?
Honey, stop! You have to leave this room -- it's been a week.
Thank you. I love you, too.
We still love you. Sisters forever!
Serious?! Who the hell does he think he is? You're the most popular month on the USC calendar!
I don't know! Everything was normal at first and then he said he needed someone more --  Serious!
Why else would he be taking you to The Ivy? You've been dating for a year -- it's not like he's trying to impress you.
What if -- you know -- it's not the night?
Well, I don't want to look like I know what's coming...
I think you should go with red. It's the color of confidence.
Too demure?
You think?
Why else would she have flown in from Newport? It's not like she'd Fed Ex a six carat diamond.
You guys are so sweet!
Can someone please tell Rick that he is not the only Sigma Chi with a big penis?
What do you think?
Is he the only one?
Someone missed you.
So Friday at eight?
Then, forget it. Besides, I have an early class tomorrow.
As long as you realize I'm not just some man-toy you can show off like a trophy.
Are you asking me on a date?
Up for a celebration dinner?
Oh, my God!!
Oh, my God!
What if you're trying to be something you are? The hell with Donovan. Stay.
Going back to LA. Maybe I can fulfill my destiny as a useless bimbo and join the Swedish Bikini Team. No more navy blue suits. No more panty- hose. No more trying to be something I'm not.
So now you're -- ?
What're you talking about? You earned it --
Law school was a mistake. Getting this internship was a mistake.
Whoa -- Why?
I'm quitting.
Hey --
Gay men know designers. Straight men don't.
Back up. How do you know he's gay?
What?!
He's gay! Enrique is gay!
For a butt-head? Yes.
You really think I'm attractive?
Fine. Sorry I brought it up.
Projecting joy is not my job.
Well, you should -- If you look good, you feel good and if you feel good, you project joy into the world.
I don't --  Do that stuff.
The bags under your eyes. You're an attractive man, but you need to take better care of yourself.
What the hell is that for?
That's not really a topic that keeps me up at night -- but maybe it should.
Exactly how much gorilla sex do you think a sixty-year-old man can take?
In that case, maybe Heyworth got fellated by a brunette and Brooke caught him.
If she were a true blonde, she would've left the cheating bastard. Blondes don't let their husbands get fellated by brunettes and live to tell about it.
Wait -- Hilary Clinton.
That is a direct result of anti- blonde discrimination!
I can't.
It would be a full-service law firm, by and for blondes, providing positive blonde role models and community outreach in high blonde areas. I mean, think about it -- name one blonde intellectual role model.
Okay, how would it work?
You're serious?
Blondes are discriminated against worldwide! Brooke's a blonde, and people are saying she's sleeping with the cheesy pool boy and shooting her husband. If she was a mousy brunette, it would be, "Oh, the poor widow."
The what?
I never trust a woman who's not blonde. Except for my friend Serena, but that's only because she's a blonde at heart. That's the whole reason I'm starting the Blonde Legal Defense Fund.
So?
Did you see the icky black color of her hair?
And you know this for a fact?
You're going to trust the word of a woman who named her child after a condiment? She's ly-ing.
How can you still believe she's innocent?
Did your daughter ever say anything to you about Brooke and Heyworth's relationship?
She's not!
We're here from Austen, Platt, Jaret & Donovan --
Mrs. Windham Vandermark?
No, she can't move for an hour.
Damn. We can't see her for an hour?
Maybe not to your face...
I can't believe you called me a butthead. No one's called me a butt- head since ninth grade.
Because people aren't always what they seem to be and you refuse to see that. Have a little faith. You might be surprised.
How do you figure?
You're kind of being a butt-head right now.
But maybe it is --
But maybe it's not what you think.
And D) Brooke is obviously hiding something.
A) He's an old man with a really big penis. B) She never told me I was fat. And C) Victoria Principal sells on that network.
She married an old man, she's made a living on telling women they're too fat, she hawks her crap on the Home Shopping Network...
Why?
She's completely untrustworthy.
Aside from that.
Uh, for starters, she won't give us an alibi --
Explain to me why you're so anti- Brooke.
My money's on the angry daughter or the ex-wife.
Okay, if Brooke didn't kill the guy, who did?
I wasn't gonna --
Don't ask.
Thanks again for your help!
Good luck.
Wow. I'm glad I met you.
And make sure you read the footnotes in Levinson's class. That's where all her exam questions come from.
Speak up in Donovan's class. He likes people with an opinion. Sit in the back for Royalton. He tends to spit when he talks about products liability.
Donovan, Royalton and Levinson.
Don't worry. It gets better. Who else do you have?
Neat.
No, but she made me cry once. Not in class -- I waited until I got to my room, but yeah, she can pretty much shrivel your balls -- or you know, your whatevers.
Did she do that to you, too?
You have Stromwell.
And if you don't know the answer, they just kick you out?
The professors? Yeah, they tend to do that. Socratic method.
Do they just -- put you on the spot like that? Like, all the time?
I can't believe you're a Laker Girl!
I wish we could stay longer, but I have a game.
Where's Warner?
You guys -- I can't. We're in the middle of a trial.
We're on our way to the bridal show in New York so we thought we'd rescue you from law school for the night.
What're you doing here?!
Really --
I got bangs!
What?
Oh, my God! I completely forgot to tell you!
I miss you guys! The people here are so vile! Hardly anyone even talks to me unless it's to say something that's not nice. Law school sucks!
Well, hurry up so you can come home! We miss you!
Almost.
Absolutely!
Calvin Klein's spring line is atrocious. Don't you agree?
What, like on va-kay?
Girls -- I'm going to Harvard!
Are you sure?
I don't know! I don't know anything any more!  I just need to be by myself.
How could this happen?
I just don't understand what went wrong --
Oh, he is so over on this campus.
What happened?
Thank you, Serena, but I don't think it'll do any good.
I'm canceling the mixer. We'll blacklist Sigma Chi.
No -- it's just -- not me.
Helloo... he just had lunch with his grandmother. You know he got "The Rock".
But I'm not positive it's gonna happen tonight --
Of course, I do!
You don't really believe she's innocent?
That's the story she'll be telling the jury. We just have to prove it.
Maybe she found him like that.
His twenty-seven year old daughter and the pool boy.
Well, in all likelihood, she's completely guilty as well. She was seen standing over her husband's dead body.
She could make you drop three pounds in one class. She's completely gifted!
Amazing how?
She was a Delta Gamma! Not in my pledge class or anything -- she graduated five years ahead of me. But I used to take her class at the LA Sports Club. She's amazing!
Maiden name -- Daniels.  You know her?
And engraved... Gives it that extra little something, doesn't it?  See you tomorrow!
It's pink.
I do.
You should. Do you have a resume?
I don't know --
You're applying for my internship, aren't you?
I did?
I changed my mind. I'd pick the dangerous one.
Yes? Ms. Woods?
I'd rather have a client who's innocent.
Why not?
Neither.
I guess it'll have to...
There's a pizza welcome lunch in twenty minutes. Does that count?
You know -- mixers, formals, beach trips.
Your what?
Wait -- my social events schedule is missing.
Uh, no. Maybe you should try the Lido deck.
Has Warner Huntington checked in yet?
Class schedule, map, book list.
Huh. Imagine that. Looks like I am.
Are you serious?
In court. On opposing sides.
Really?
It made me realize something. I'm an idiot.
How was I supposed to know what kind of shoes you had on?
Thanks for the backup.
See?
Pink ones.
I gave her my word, Warner.
If you tell him, you'll probably make summer associate. Who cares about Brooke? Think about yourself.
Thank you.
You look -- nice.
I just don't want to see you get your hopes up. You know how you get.
But what? We took the same LSAT, we take the same classes --
Well, yeah, but --
Am I on glue, or did I not get into the same law school you did, Warner?
I didn't mean --
Elle, c'mon, there's no way you'll get the grades to qualify for one of those spots. You're not smart enough.
Tell me about it. I can't imagine doing all this and Donovan's internship next year.
That's because I spend all my time with case studies and hypos.
I feel like we've barely spent any time together since we got here.
Now I am.
Thank you. Having fun?
Wow. You're a walking felony.
Sarah was my girlfriend at prep school. We got back together over the summer at my grandmother's birthday party.
I'm sorry, I just hallucinated.
Do anything exciting?
Good. Good.
Fine. Except for this horrible girl who made me look bad in front of my Civ Pro professor. But no biggie. You're here now.  How was your summer?
So -- uh -- how was your first class?
Uh -- sure.
Oops! Time for class. Meet me after? On the benches?
What, like it's that hard?
You got into Harvard Law?
Harvard. Law school.
You go where?
No, silly. I go here.
What're you talking about? You're not here to see me?
I'm seriously in love with you -- Isn't that enough?
I told you, Elle. I need someone -- serious.
Just because I'm not a Vanderbilt, all of a sudden I'm white trash? I grew up in Bel Air, Warner! Across the street from Aaron Spelling! I think most people would agree that's way better than a Vanderbilt --
East coast people are different.
So you're breaking up with me because you're afraid your family won't like me?  Everybody likes me!
I have to think about my future. And what people expect from me.
How can it be the right thing if we're not together?
Elle, believe me, I never expected to be doing this, but I think it's the right thing to do.
Elle -- it's twenty miles back to campus.
No.
C'mon. Let me take you home.
Elle -- no -- your boobs are fine --
Then what? My boobs are too big?
That's not entirely --
You're breaking up with me because I'm too -- blonde?
Proposing?! Elle, If I'm going to be a politician, I need to marry a Jackie, not a -- Marilyn.
You're breaking up with me?!  I thought you were proposing.
I'm sorry, Elle, I just --
That's why I think it's time for us to --
I completely agree.
But the thing is, if I'm gonna be a senator by the time I'm thirty -- I can't keep dicking around.
And I fully support that.
My family expects a lot from me. And I expect a lot from me. I plan on running for office some day.
Of course.
I mean, we're having a lot of fun now -- but things are gonna be different when I'm at Harvard. Law school is a completely different world. I need to be serious.
I'm fully amenable to that discussion.
So are you!
You're beautiful.
Chuck.
And what is your boyfriend's name?
Three months.
And how long have you been sleeping with Mrs. Windham?
A restaurant in Oakland. Where no one would recognize us.
Where?
Yes.
Did you ever take Mrs. Windham on a date?
I didn't stick around long enough to watch him stick his swizzle stick in her mouth, but I'd bet my next check that that's where he was about to put it.
Hovering?
Haven't you seen the cabana boy?
Why do you say that?
But I guess it wasn't enough for Brooke.
I' m sure that was very awkward for Chutney.  Much as it is for me, hearing you tell about it.
Aside from the fact that he found her on an infomercial? She said they humped like gorillas. Chutney could hear them all the way in the pool house.
I never met the woman, but from what my daughter tells me, she's quite the cun --
Well, that's what we're trying to prove didn't happen. Do you have any reason to believe it did?
So, I hear the tart from California shot Heyworth.
I'm covered in very expensive Egyptian mud -- hardly naked.
She's naked.
Pull up next to him!
There he is!
Yeah, luckily.
You passed Spanish because you gave Professor Montoya a hand-job after the final.
I mean, I know you're upset and all, but can't you just take a sedative?
Why?!
Wait -- Cecil has a condo in Tahoe. Let's go there!
Let's all go! Road trip!
Cunnilingus?
What's the thing that always makes us feel better, no matter what?
You're right. Phew!
Helloo... you let him have anal sex with you.  Helloo... you let him videotape you diddling yourself.
Oh, God. What if Josh doesn't think I'm serious enough?
It's not a Theta --
Is it a Kappa?
Where's the Rock?
Elle?
