Better make it a week.
A night in the hole?
That's my girl.
Nigger.
No, nigger.
Nagger?
They ain't men, Mae Rose. They're convicts. And nigger convicts to boot. Can you say nigger?
It's a boy! Well, let's get a look at him.
He's a big one.
And the baby?
She's doing just fine.
Is Mae Rose okay?
She'll be fine. She just had a bit of a shock.
Well you can't stay here, Biscuit. This ain't no life for a man. Any one of these fellas would give their right arm to be in your shoes. I sure know I would.
Not for me, it ain't.
It's 1945. It's a different world now.
Come on, Biscuit, this is good news. Your mama's gonna break down in tears when you show up on her doorstep.
What am I gonna do out there, Ray? I can't go home to my mama like this. I'll get the strap for sure.
These are free papers.
Hell with him. It ain't that.
Don't take it so hard, Biscuit. She don't mean nothin' to him.
Cost you a pair of nylons.
I'm talking about a haircut.
Thought you'd never ask. Biscuit needs some gravy.
Biscuit, when you're done with Jangle Leg, you think you could squeeze me in?
At least the kid's getting out. Isn't this what you wanted?
But you can't.
Look, I am truly sorry about this. I'd like to help you...
I did, Claude. I mentioned you. I mentioned you both. But the fact is, pardons don't come cheap. The kid can hit. What can you do?
Yeah, but what about me and Ray? I didn't see our names on that pardon. You said you were gonna put in a good word for us.
Kid's getting out. I got him a pardon.
Yo, Blocker, what's going on here?
There are ways around that. Right sergeant?
Maybe you didn't notice, but this is a prison.
Crawford's are always looking for new talent.
You can try, but you won't get too far. Why you interested?
Can't Get Right? That's the kid's name? Can I talk to him?
You probably mean Can't Get Right. That's him over there.
We played down in Jackson yesterday. Heard a rumor you've got a boy up here who can hit the ball a ton.
We get the games on the radio sometimes.
I look good tonight. And I feel lucky, too.
Sharp.
Well, alright then. What do you think about this new tie?
Yeah...
But this is where the action is and I have to be where the action is. Look, when your old lady wanted those alligator shoes, didn't I come through for you? Ain't she stepping in style now?
Do yourself a favor and find another place where they let you in the front door.
Then what's the problem?
No, but...
Is Spanky here?
Oh, no, Ray. Not tonight. Spanky's not happy with you.
Nice girl like you don't belong in a place like this. But if you talk to Sylvia, tell her old Claude said congratulations.
Want me to come back some other time?
I'm too old for you. Besides, I'm not much in the mood.
You know, go to the tonk or whatever.
Take care of me?
I know she's sorry she won't be seeing you anymore. Anyway, she wanted me to take care of you.
But I'm not on the outside. I'm in here.
She always said that if you were on the outside...
Real nice guy, too. Trumpet player. They moved down to New Orleans.
Married?
She got married last month.
Why not?
Oh, she's fine. She's just not coming today.
She's alright, isn't she?
My name's Yvette. Sylvia sent me. You look just like she said.
Yeah.
I'm not your boss. Not anymore.
Sure, boss.
Claude, mind helping me to the bathroom?
He's right, Gibson. Put down the gun and we'll work this out.
Cool it, Ray. You're gonna get us in a lot of trouble.
Goodnight, Claude.
Goodnight, Mr. Wilkins. Mr. Pike.
I'll be right back.
Yes, sir.
You know I trust you, Claude.
You have to forgive me if I don't laugh.
Half the men in this prison swear they're innocent. Don't you think that's kinda funny?
It's a hell of a lot longer when you're innocent.
Forty years. That's a long time for any crime, even murder.
Over forty years now. Me and Ray Gibson out there.
You been on the farm for quite a spell, haven't you?
That's alright, boss. Takes a lot more than a colorful brochure to hurt my feelings.
I apologize, Claude. That was rude of me.
You know, I'm fixing on retiring at the end of the summer, gonna try to enjoy what few years I have left. What do you think of this place? It's one of those new retirement communities down on the Gulf.
Yes, boss.
Damn dentures slipping again. Everything falls apart when you grow old, eh, Claude? Time sure marches on.
We'll see what those slippers feel like after, say, 24 hours. And if you step down off them bottles -- if one toe so much as touches the dirt -- one of these boys is gonna shoot you dead. Let's see. We need a special man for this job.
As a pair of fur-lined bedroom slippers, boss.
Comfortable?
Here!
Craddock!... Williams... Henshaw!... Banks!
I don't need the Baptists on my back, but I suppose I could issue a temporary marriage license for a nominal fee.
You think you could make an exception just this once, boss? She came all the way down from New York.
I don't see no wedding ring, Banks. Conjugal visits are for married prisoners only.
He don't sound like he's from 'round here.
I got it... boss.
Sure, Claude, whatever you say.
Ray Gibson?  No, no. He's the reason I'm in here, Daisy. For all I know, he's got a record a mile long. I got a better shot of getting out of here on my own. You tell Maynard to think about me, concentrate on me. Understand?
Listen, Claude, Maynard wanted to know if he should file the appeal on behalf of your friend, too.
A job, huh? Well, that's nice, real nice. You won't have to work long. I'll be back soon enough. After I start work at First Federal Bank of Manhattan, I'll be keeping you in style. Everything will get back to normal again. That's a promise.
He seemed like a pretty good lawyer to me. His offices take up an entire floor of that big, new building on 125th Street, and he was using all these words I never heard before. He even offered me a job.
Yeah, that side of the family has all the looks and none of the brains. I hope he don't mess things up.
Of course I did. He said he'd file an appeal right away. You didn't tell me he was so good looking.
Did you go see my cousin Maynard like I asked you in my letter?
But I'm having a good time...
Come on, honey, let's get out of here.
Sure it is. I just don't see any reason to rush into things. Damn, look at this shirt. I'll be right back.
That's what respectable folks do. Get a job, get married, start having babies. That's what you want, isn't it?
Engagement ring!
I was hoping you were gonna say an engagement ring, Claude.
Season tickets to the Yankees. Right there on the first base line.  What's wrong, baby?
Know what I'm going to buy with my first pay check?
Claude. Here's to your new job down at the bank. I always knew you'd make something of yourself.
For the kind of money they charge here, you'd think they could hire somebody to actually wash the dishes.
Why would you want to go home? It's so early.
Ten dollars. But I need it to get home.
You're cute. You have any money, Claude?
Claude. That's my name. Claude. That's never happened before.
He looks like he can take care of himself.
I really shouldn't. I gotta keep an eye on my friend.
Well, Mr. "C", how about buying a girl a drink?  Two bourbons.
I know it begins with a "C"...
Can't you remember your own name?
I'm Sylvia. What's your name?
That's because I've never been here before.
I've never seen you in here before.
I'm sorry, he's on medication...
I know you're not talking to me...
Damn, I shoulda let Spanky Johnson drown you in the river when I had the chance.
Well, if you must know, they could be closer.
Next thing, you're gonna be complaining about the seats.
Yeah? You and what army?
If you don't eat that ice cream right now, I'm gonna strangle you until you are completely dead.
They're touching.
So?
No, this ain't gonna work either. It's half chocolate, half vanilla.
Hell of a day, Ray. Yankees are on fire.
Hell of a day for a ballgame, huh, Claude?
Gimme that damn thing.
You didn't get ketchup?
Just put some mustard on it and eat it.
I saw that hot dog guy in the bathroom urinating. He didn't wash his hands.
Why the hell not?
I can't eat this.
Never thought I'd hear Ray Gibson say that. Hell with you then. You'd only slow me down anyway.
It's too late for plans.
You don't want to hear it, you don't want to hear it. There's no shame in that.
Don't tell me, I don't want to hear it. It's probably all fucked up, anyway.
Shh! Is that so hard to believe?
Are you trying to tell me after all this time you finally have a plan for busting out of here?
You're the one who said that boneyard's the only way we're getting out of here. We're gonna join all the rest of 'em soon enough. Jangle Leg, Biscuit, Goldmouth, Poker Face, Cookie, Radio -- yes sir, pick a plot and start digging...
'Course I was right. About what?
Over to the morgue and up the hill to the cemetery. Never thought I'd admit it, Claude, but you were right.
Remember what that place looked like on a sunny spring day? More beautiful than any church I was ever in.
They oughta tear that shit down and ship them Yankees cross the river to Jersey.
What do you expect? It's almost as old as we are.
Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little better. Damn thing's falling to pieces. Gonna hurt somebody.
Sure would like to see the house that Ruth built one more time.
Tell me about it. Scared me at first. Then, before I could figure out what to do with it, it was gone. Imagine my disappointment.
An erection, huh? Haven't had one of those in a while.
Nurse Humphries was checking my prostate this morning. I got an erection.
He knows nobody wants to hear the truth.
Why don't he just tell 'em the truth?
Don't call me soft, I hate it when you call me that.
I said you're soft.
What'd you say?
That's because you're soft. Gimme the gun.
I can't do it.
No, believe me, I'm gonna kill him!
No, I'm gonna kill him --
He's got my daddy's watch, Claude. I always knew whoever took that watch killed Winston Hancock. And that was you, Mr. Pike.
Don't shoot, sir. I can deal with this.  Ray, buddy, you don't want to shoot this white man. See, you do that, they'll kill you for sure. And it's not that I like you or anything, but I've kinda gotten used to having you around.
I know. Simultaneously, they shake and zip. Claude bends down and picks up a bowl of gumbo, placing it on a tray next to an identical one.
We'd be in the hole by now. Hey, man, you're peeing on my shoe.
I don't like it, I don't like it one bit. We shoulda taken that car when we had the opportunity. We'd be half way to New York by now.
Some faces you just don't forget. Warren Pike's is one of 'em.
You sure it was him?
Hey, there's Wilkins!
Don't make me take them away from you.
I ain't spending a month in the hole so you can take a joy ride.
Claude, man, I'm serious. Give me those keys.
Forget about that. You run if you want to, but you're not taking this car.
This boat's gonna sail without you, too. I don't care if I last one day out here. At least it's one day of freedom. Now gimme those keys.
And what will we do when we get there? I'm sixty-five years old, Ray. So are you. What are we gonna do out here? Get married, have kids, settle down? That boat sailed without us, man.
Back to New York for starters.
Go where, Ray?
Come on, man, I'm starting to cramp up here.  We have the chance right here, right now, I say we go!
You ain't getting out of that trunk.
Then you're lucky I came along. Doesn't take a visionary to spot a golden opportunity like this. Now help me out of this trunk.
I ain't escaping! We're picking up the new super just like I told you.
You didn't think I was gonna let you escape alone, did you?
What the hell are you doing in that trunk?!
Damn, it was getting hot in there.
Greenville. We're picking up the new Superintendent at the bus station.
You haven't driven in 40 years, you ain't even got a license. Man's taking his life in his hands, putting you behind the wheel! Where you taking him?
Wilkins' driver's got the flu, so he asked me to fill in for him.
Don't touch that car.
What the hell are you doing?
Goodnight, Ray.
You can't fool me, Claude. I know you got something brewing.
I'm not working on a plan.
Hey, I'm a lonely old man. I like to talk, too. So why don't we start by talking about what kind of a plan you're working on?
He's just a lonely old man. He likes to talk.
You and Wilkins sure are getting chummy. You two planning on going steady, or something?
Bullets weren't the problem. That pie was too hot. Burned my tongue.
You sure looked funny running for those pies, bullets flying all around you.
What?!
We're not talking, you're talking, and doing too damn much of it, if you ask me.
I know, but since we're talking, I thought I'd mention it.
That was five years ago.
I was sorry to hear about your mama passing.
I didn't do if for you, anyway. I just ain't no boot-licking trusty, that's all.
I hope you don't think I owe you anything. Because I don't owe you a damn thing.
After all these years of blissful silence, I almost forgot how annoying the sound of your voice can be.
I'd have knocked you off those bottles, put a bullet in your ass and be half way to New York right now.
Excuse me? Are you talking to me?
You're a sucker. I'd have taken that deal.
Then I have nothing left to say to you.
That's the way it is.
Well, if that's the way it is...
The only thing I regret is the day I met you.
Better watch yourself Claude, before you say something you regret.
Here's a news flash, Ray. We never were friends. We've just been stuck together for 12 years. It's been nothing but bad luck since the moment I ran into you. Every time I look at you I get sick to my stomach thinking about what my life could have been if I'd never bumped into Ray Gibson.
Take that back or we ain't friends no more, Claude Banks.
Maybe you're fooling yourself, Ray. Maybe you're just a chip off the old block.
My daddy died in prison. He gave up hope and hung himself. What you're talking about is the same damn thing. That ain't how I'm going.
I ain't getting in no airplane with you. I'm finally wrapping my mind around the concept. They threw us in this shithole for life. Don't you get it, Ray? We're gonna die here! Might as well head up to the cemetery, pick a plot and start digging.
Crop duster.
My plan is on his way to Pittsburgh right now. That congenital idiot just got himself a pardon signed by the governor thanks to us, but we can't seem to do nothing for ourselves. Don't you feel a little disgusted right now?
I don't see you coming up with any plans.
They're called pilots! I'm serious, Ray. I'm not in the mood for one of your stupid, fucked-up plans right now.
He said they keep it parked out behind the barn. Can't be that hard to fly a plane. Lots of people do it.
I'm not in the mood right now, Ray.
One of the new kids said they're farming those acres just north of the swamp. He said he saw a crop duster flying around the place.
Make 'em throw strikes.
You show them Crawfords how to play ball.
I'm not gonna let it go. The man needs to explain himself. Makin' promises.
Let it go, Claude.
Let me see that.
It's a pardon from the governor.
Whatever.
Crawfords.
Damn straight. I expect those Pittsburgh Crawdads to remember that.
God may have given it, but Claude Banks spotted it and nurtured it.
We're like his handlers. He can't function without us.
What about us? Don't forget to mention us.
So, Blocker, what do you think of our boy?
It's amazing what Ray here can do with a couple of pounds of potato skins and some molasses.
Don't matter who Camp 12 puts on the mound. All I know is when this season's over Camp 8's gonna have pork chops.
Judge must have money riding on the championship.
All right, grab the bat. Let's see what you can do.
Can't be worse than any of these other fools.
Him?
You want to hit?  Yo, Claude. Give Can't Get Right a shot.
I'm sick of watching Camp 12 win the championship. Every year they get to roast the victory pig and we get dick. This year I want that pig.
What you're dealing with here is a complete lack of talent.
Of course, he's in the lineup. There he goes right there. Hey, Babe...!
Hey, man, is Babe Ruth in the lineup today?
You can starve to death for all I care. Now shut up, the game's about to start.
What am I gonna eat?
Give me back that hot dog. I'll eat it myself.
I can't eat it with mustard.
Ketchup? Who eats ketchup on a hot dog? Mustard's what you want.
You get ketchup?
They must be the right people. Whoa, there goes the hot dog man. Let's get a couple. Damn, that smells good. Nothing like a ballpark hot dog, huh?
I know people.
Sure, it says Allie Reynolds right here in the program. He's warming up right now. Man, we're so close to the field I need cleats. How'd you get such good seats?
Allie Reynolds. He's my boy.
I don't know. Who do you want?
Red Sox... Who's on the mound?
Hell, yes, Yankee Stadium. Bombers are playing a double-header against the Red Sox.
Hundred and Sixty First Street? That's Yankee Stadium.
We're in the Bronx, my man. Hundred and Sixty First Street.
The hell you talking about? What train?
That's right, we'll get off at the next stop. The train's pulling into the station right now.
Say what?
We'll just get off at the next stop.
How the fuck are we gonna do that, Ray?!
All right, man, just settle down. We'll get outta here, Claude. We'll get outta here real soon.
He'd be doing me a favor. I'm getting outta here one way or the other! Goddamn rats and shit! Fuck!
Keep it together, Claude. You wake up the man, he'll shoot you for sure.
I'm serious, man. Don't mention it. Ever.
Hell, you'd probably be half way to New York by now...
Don't mention it.
I'm stuck!
Come on, Ray, time to go!
That gripes my soul, man. We're out here in the middle of nowhere. There is shit nibbling at my balls! Don't tell me you don't know where we're going!
I knew you wouldn't come if I didn't have a map.
You drew this?!
Cookie didn't draw it. I did.
You call this a map? What was Cookie smoking when he drew this?
Let me take a look at that map.
Absolutely. The map is very clear.
I know these trees all look the same, but I'm getting an awful familiar vibration from this one right here. You sure you know where we're going?
New York's a long way's off. Let's just keep moving, okay?
You did it, man! You got us out! Next stop, New York City!
Don't call me that. You know I hate it when you call me that.
I said you're soft.
What'd you say?
I don't think so, Claude. You'd just slow me down. We'd have to stop every five minutes so you could polish your silverware. There's no way around it, you're soft.
Does that mean I'm in?
At least you're honest for once. So now you want to be my friend? Well, let me tell you something, Claude-my- shit-don't-stink-Banks. You got a lot to learn about friendship.
No.
You know what, Claude? This whole time we've been down here, you've done nothing but think about yourself, acting like this whole thing is my fault. That plan with your cousin, did that include me?
Come on, man. Don't shut me out. I'm telling you, you and me, that map, we can go places.
Well, let's just think about that for a moment. He's a successful lawyer up in New York City and you're down here with a bright future in the cotton picking business. Eeny, meeny, miney, Maynard.
The appeal was denied. Then Daisy went and fell for Maynard. They're engaged to be married, can you believe that?
On your behalf. What happened to we?
Look, my cousin Maynard is a lawyer. He filed an appeal on my behalf --
We? Did I hear you say we? As I recall, you're the one who said there is no we. Guess we got some bad news in that letter, huh?
Well, if you're still thinking about booking it, I want in. I think we can make it.
Yeah.
You still got that map?
Cut the bullshit. What do you want, Claude?
Your daddy must have been a helluva guy, a deep man, a wise man. Sure wish I could have met him --
My daddy always said when a man starts talking about the weather keep you hand on your wallet.
What do I want? What makes you think I want something?
What do you want, Claude?
Sure is hot today. Think it'll rain later?
Claude.
What's up, Ray?
I'm sure it don't.
Gimme that. That doesn't concern you.
Maynard Banks, Esquire. Attorney at law.
Getting a map from a chubby chef named Cookie? Dragging our asses through the swamps in search of some worm-eaten boat? That ain't a plan, that's a vacation for two in the hole. When you've got a map to New York City, you get back to me.
I'm not gonna forget it. What does that mean? If you've got a plan, I think I have a right to know about it. I told you my plan.
Forget it.
What does that mean?
No, I don't like it here. Look around. There's nothing but ass. Male ass! Balls and ass! Believe you me, I'm getting out of here.
You want out of this place, don't you? Don't tell me you're starting to like it here.
Why are you always talking about we? There is no we. There is a me, there is a you. But there is no we between us.
What I know about boats is they take you to freedom. Come on, man. I think we can do this.
What do you know about boats? I bet you can't even swim.
That's why we won't take the train. Cookie showed me where there's a farm house. They got a boat there.
Yeah, I know what your saying. And I'm saying if you made it that far, they'd be watching every train that pulls out of that station.
You know what I'm saying.
So?
Cookie drew me a map to Greenville.
Wait up there, Claude. You give that guy your corn bread and the next thing you know you'll be ironing his shirts and clipping his toenails.
No, man. I want you to have it.
He just blocked it out. Nigger's crazy. He's the one who did all the stabbing. He's capable of some heinous shit.  How 'bout him down there?
Pack of lies. Don't listen to him. We didn't kill nobody. We were railroaded. And we gonna prove that.
I kinda lost track of how many people we killed that night. Must have been 15 or twenty -- not counting women and children. It was a real bloodbath. All that screaming...
What about you, Radio?
What a second, you've been in here since you were thirteen?
The fork is the least of your worries, Claude.
This fork is filthy.
He does it all by himself.
So?
Somebody just told me he wins the three-legged race every year.
Why do you think they call him Jangle Leg?
Shut up. It's too damn hot. What do you know, anyway?
I wouldn't do that if I was you.
Life?! What's life mean? There's no way I can do life. I got a job starts Monday morning!
Life?! How long is life? We were just walking back to the truck. We didn't do nothing! Fuck life!
If it wasn't for me, you'd be washing up on the beach at Coney Island right now.  "I need all my thumbs and fingers for praying and doing good."
Spanky's gonna be pissed? Poor Spanky. Fuck Spanky! What the hell kind of a name is Spanky, anyway? You're responsible for this situation. I blame you for everything. If it wasn't for you, I'd be home having a hot meal right now.
Man, this is gonna delay everything. Spanky's gonna be pissed.
Hell with him then. If he can't share the driving, he can't ride in the truck.
Would you look at that, Ray. Winston up and died on us.
Come on, Ray, better get Winston back to the truck.
Winston. His name's Winston.
Yeah, nobody puts 'em away like old what's-his-name.
My daddy's watch. This is the dude I was telling you about --
What ain't there?
It ain't here.
What do you think you're doing?! The man's been dead for two seconds! Don't you have any respect?
Oh, man, I've never seen a dead body before!
He's dead.
I think he's hurt pretty bad.
We've still got 36 cases of rum. That's better than money.
Fuck that cheap-ass watch --  I mean, how the hell are we gonna get home without any money?
He even got my daddy's watch.
You lost all our money in a card game?
While you were upstairs doing God's work, I was getting jack-legged by a fool with four threes.
What are you talking about?
That was mighty charitable of you, Claude. Looks like we both got fucked tonight.
What can I say? When the spirit moves me.
So you made a generous contribution.
She's in a tight spot. Her mama needs this operation, and they ain't got the money for it. Their church took up a collection but they were still short...
That jelly you were talking to right here?
Well, not exactly. See, I met this girl. Real nice girl. God-fearing girl. Her name's Sylvia.
Still got that ten dollars?
Guess we better get going, huh?
Here I am.
Hey, Ray. I've been looking for you.
There are people down there having fun. I want to be one of them. I want you to be one of them. On Monday you can be a bank teller if you want, but tonight you're a bootlegger with a truck full of Puerto Rican rum and a fistful of cash.
Reward?
What are you complaining about? It worked out. Everything's cool. Now, come on, let's head down there and see what's shaking. We deserve a little reward.
Let me get this straight. We drove all the way down to Klan country 'cause you heard a couple of guys talking?
Don't get all agitated on me. I bought a bottle of rum from a couple of dudes, I heard 'em talking...
Oh, I don't know, maybe because our lives depend on it, I just sort of thought you knew what you were doing!
What gave you that idea?
Nice meeting you? You've been here before, haven't you?
Okay then, I'm gonna walk over to that counter and get us some fucking pie.
Yeah, I want some pie.
Alright. You want some pie?
I call it like I see it, and what I see is definitely soft.
Hey, man, don't ever call me that.
I said you're soft.
What'd you say?
You're soft.
Don't Uncle Claude me. You get a load of those crackers? Couldn't be a mouthful of teeth among the bunch of 'em. Why you want to pick a fight with people like that for?
Thanks for backing me up here, Uncle Claude.
Look, ma'am, we've been driving all day. We'd just like to purchase one of those pies and we'll be on our way.
You mean this sign? The one that says "No Coloreds Allowed." That's a good question. Ray, how come we missed the sign?
I must have left my appetite outside, which is where I think we ought to be right now.
Are you kidding? Tell me you don't want a slice of that pie right over there.
Maybe we oughta find another place.
I think I liked you better when you kept your trap shut.
Oooh...
When there is, you can forget about it. And I swear to God, you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank-telling, loan-denying ass, you got me?
There is no Boom-Boom Room.
Ah, go chase yourself. I'll take my business elsewhere. And for future reference, you are no longer welcome at Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
Looks like a fake to me. Loan denied!
My daddy is dead so watch your mouth. You can say what you want about me, but don't be dragging my daddy into it. This watch means the world to me. Solid gold. Keeps perfect time.
Yeah? Who'd he steal it from?
My daddy gave me this watch.
That thing? Who'd you steal it from?
Like this?
You need collateral.
How would I get a loan, anyway?
Uh-huh.
So you mean, if I needed some jack to get my nightclub up and running, I'd have to hype some square like you?
That's right, a loan officer.
A loan officer?
Bank teller's just a start. I got plans. Real plans. Not opening some Zoom-Boom Room. This time next year I'll be a loan officer.
You're talking about giving up baseball to be a bank teller.
At some point a man's got to get serious about his future. I'm sure you have no idea what I'm talking about.
You gave up baseball to be a bank teller? I can't latch on to that.
The Negro League don't pay so good. And you're always on the road. That don't wash with Daisy.
Why didn't you take it?
I didn't start out to be a bank teller. I was gonna be a ballplayer. Even had an offer to play short for the Newark Eagles.
Hey, you'd be surprised what you find in other people's pockets. Just gotta avoid them deadbeat bank tellers. Get you every time.
Well, maybe I should dig around in other people's clothes for money. It's obviously been highly successful for you.
I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds like ladies work to me.
No, tell me what's so funny.
Nothing.
What?
Damn straight, it is. I got my own set of keys because I'm supposed to open up. So if I ain't there 8 a.m. Monday morning, there's gonna be hell to pay.
That's some long green.
Well, if you must know, bank teller at First Federal of Manhattan. I'm responsible for keeping track of hundreds, occasionally thousands of dollars.
Start your job? What kind of job?
Look, man, I don't want friendly conversation. I don't want to be your friend. I've seen your friends and I don't like them. I just want to do this thing and get back to New York in time to start my job.
Come on, daddy-o. You haven't said a word since we started. Least you could do is make some friendly conversation.
A thumb? What do you mean, like cut it off? For ten bucks?  That include the tip?
You? Dine and ditch, right?  Over ten bucks?  You're probably looking at a thumb.
What are they gonna do to us?
I can't wait to see that. You slay me, man.
Good, I'm looking forward to meeting this Spanky. Give me a chance to straighten out this whole mess.
Probably to Spanky's headquarters down at the pier.
Where they taking us, anyway?
Did those two muscle heads shake you down? Swear I've seen them down at the track with Sure-shot Riley. That's it, ain't it? A gambling debt.
I don't see where that's any of your business.
What I want to know is what happened to your cush between the time that you got up from the table and when I caught up with you in the Johnny?
Good old Monroe.
Here, this belongs to you.  It was empty when I found it.
That's right! Good old Monroe...
You went to Monroe?
Claude Banks. How could I forget that? You've got to remember me. Ray Gibson. We went to high school together.
Claude Banks.
Sure I do. What's your name again?
I don't think so.
Don't I know you?
I try to moisturize regularly.
Soft and supple. Like a lady's.
'Preciate it. Claude.
Then you won't have no problem making the adjustment. You need anything, help of any kind, gimme a holler. Name's Jangle Leg.
You kidding? I've been in and out of prison my entire life. Mostly in. I'm hard-core.
You ever done time before?
I'm all right.
How you doin'?
No problem. Oh, boy!
How about some steak sauce?
Made just for you, Cookie.
Ray, my man, this steak is like butter!
Well, not yet. It's still in the planning stages.
You got your own nightclub?
Grandma Dodi's Pork Rib Joint.
Alright, well, let's say you make it to Greenville. What's there, anyway?
You killed Santa Claus?
At least he didn't kill Santa Claus with his bare hands.
Those are for trusties, unless you got thirty cents or two packs of cigs.
Can't I get one of those steaks you got grilling back there?
Creamed chip beef on toast. Except we're outta beef, so I had to improvise.
What is that?
You heard what the man said! Move it!
Alright, listen up! I want every man lined up out here in the yard on the double! Let's move it!
That's right. We don't need no fences, we have the gun line. It runs from shack to shack clear around the yard. You are now inside the gun line...
We don't need no fences at Camp 8, boss.
Movin' it out, boss.
Move it out.
All in, boss!
You heard the boss! Let's move!
We lost yesterday on accounta the rain. That means we gotta make up for it today, so put your backs to it.
Life, huh? They step outta line again, we'll shorten up that sentence real fast.
Judge gave 'em the long ride.
Looks like we got a couple of live ones. How long these boys in for?
New York. That's up north, ain't it? They'll find we do things different down here.
He's from New York City. That one, too.
State of Mississippi wants this ditch cleared by sundown. You got that?!
Tell him the state of Mississippi is only interested in getting this ditch cleared by sundown.
Listen up, jiggaboo! State of Mississippi ain't interested in your... in your...  metropolitan assets!
Too hot, huh? Well, you tell that lazy jiggaboo the state of Mississippi ain't interested in his meteorological assessments.
Why ain't that pick swinging?
Why ain't his pick swinging?
C'mon, Goldmouth, somebody's gotta watch the front door.
Where am I at, man?
Hey, Ray...
That's right, fellas. Catch any cab heading uptown. All the drivers know Ray's Boom-Boom Room.
He's a good friend of mine. Drops by the club whenever he's in town.
You mean Louis Armstrong?
Just because it's in my mind, Goldmouth, don't mean it ain't real. Everything worth anything starts with a dream.
So it don't exist.
My corn bread? Oh no, my friend. I love corn bread.
Maybe I oughta eat your corn bread.
I think that old man lost his marbles about a hundred years ago. Come on, let's get this over with.
What do you think about that?
Hell, no! I just got something in my eye.
Man, you really bummed me out. That's a terrible story.  Nigger, you crying?
What happened to 'em after that, Willie?
That musta messed 'em up pretty bad.
Oh, right. Well, why didn't they get those pardons?
No, they didn't get their pardons, you dumb shit! If they'd got their pardons way back then, we wouldn't be burying them today, would we?
So Ray and Claude got their pardons, right?
I seen the bodies before they sealed 'em up. Them fellas sizzled up good. Looked like some shit from the X- Files.  Damn, that shit's nasty.
Hell of a way to get out. Heard they burned up in that fire yesterday.
Come on, old-timer, hook the brothers up.
Hey, the dude's holdin'.
Nothing to it, really. Claude figured they could steal a couple of bodies from the morgue. They got a couple of crackers working there don't know their asses from their elbows. Then they was gonna set fire to the infirmary and make it look like those bodies was them that got stuck inside. Claude figured during the commotion, it wouldn't be too hard to slip onto one of the fire trucks and hang tight until it rolled right on out of here in the morning.
Hey, Willie, what was Claude's plan, anyway?
It's alright for a man to cry once in awhile. Just don't make a habit of it.
Of course nobody believed Ray and Claude.
Just like Elvis.
Old man Wilkins' never came out of that bathroom. Died right there on the crapper.
What were they, bootleggers?
Ray's special recipe. He always had exacting standards where the hooch was concerned.
Sixty-five years ago. They always said the farm couldn't hold 'em forever. Looks like you're finally free, boys.
1932? That's like, that's like...
I was already here a good many years when they came in in 1932.
Why do I get the feeling when you say some time, you mean some time.
I gave you life. And they can't take it away from you. Remember that. You'll get outta here someday. I believe that. You gotta believe it, too.
They gave me life, mama.
Don't say that, Rayford. Don't ever say that. He gave up hope. That's where you gotta be different.
I can't believe this. I always said I'd never end up like this. I thought I'd make something of myself, do something with my life. You know, be successful. Have a big house, a family. Now I'm gonna end up just like daddy.
Don't argue with me. You need it more than I do. I know how a little money can help in a place like this.
I can't take that, mama.
Don't you lie to me, Rayford.  You still have your daddy's watch?  Well, this is all I can give you. I wish it was more.
Don't cry, mama. This place ain't so bad as it looks. Sure, we work hard, but there's plenty fresh air and sunshine... And you know something else, I've taken to going to church regular. They got services every Sunday right there in the mess hall.
Rayford, I wanted so much more for you than this.
Don't worry about that. Hey, fellas, this here is my mama. These are some of my friends. That's Willie, there's Poker Face, Radio, Cookie, Goldmouth, Biscuit, Jangle Leg.
I heard some things so I went to see Spanky Johnson. He told me what happened and gave me some money to get down here. What happened to your face?
What are you doing here, mama?
Rayford!
Mama?
I'm going in for him. He'd do the same for me.
You can't go in there, Ray! You'll never make it!
It'll be too late.
Wait for the firemen!
He must still be in there.
Stay calm, Ray. We'll find him. Claude! Has anyone seen Claude?
Hey, where's Claude? I don't see Claude!
Is everyone here?
What difference does it make? Natchez was better off without Winston Hancock! Who cares if a couple of no- account bootleggers went to jail for his killing? At least the state of Mississippi got 40 years of cheap labor out of the deal!
Is there any truth to what he's saying, Pike?
Do you realize what your saying, Gibson?
He's crazy. Don't listen to him, Wilkins.
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to teach this uppity nigger a lesson in manners.
What's going on here?
If somebody deserves respect, Mr. Pike, they receive it from me, convict or no convict.
Respect? Well, isn't that progressive.
I believe in treating the convicts with respect, if that's what you mean.
If you don't mind my saying, you seem mighty familiar with your house boy.
Thank you, Claude. That'll be all for tonight.
You don't have to twist my arm.  Say now, that gumbo has quite a kick.
Hunting's been pretty good on the farm the last few years. It's one of the perks of the job. If you're interested, tomorrow I could show you some of my favorite spots.
Well, fortunately, I carry my own.
I'm sorry, I don't keep any liquor in the house.
I prefer bourbon.
Lemonade?
He shoots me, I swear I'll take you with me! I just want to hear you say it.
Goddamn it, Wilkins, would you please just shoot the nigger!
That watch was the only thing my daddy ever gave me. It meant the world to me.
Shoot him, Wilkins!
I'm gonna work this man's brains out the back of his head.
Like you shot Winston Hancock?
I oughta shoot you for that comment, boy.
She give you that scar, too?
Something like that, yes.
Must have been some time ago. Maybe forty years?
Why, my wife gave it to me on our anniversary some years back.
Sure don't. Mind if I ask where you got it?
Yeah, it's special. They don't make 'em like this anymore.
That's a real nice watch you got there, sir. Fancy old thing even plays a little tune.
Yeah, it's getting late. I could sure use a bath.
You may be able to buy your way out of trouble up in New York City, but down here we take murder seriously.
I'm just trying to pay the toll on the road to justice.
Are you offering me a bribe?
Mr. Johnson is very well connected. If you were to let us go, I guarantee he would show you his appreciation, if you know what I mean.
Excuse me, sheriff. As we explained to your associate here, there's been a mistake. We didn't kill anybody. Now, as for the bootlegging, we happen to work for a very important man in New York.
Besides, why bother with bootlegging when we got us a clear cut case of murder?
Satchmo.
Who?
They're called subways. A nickel will take you from one end of Manhattan to the other. Helluva ride, too.
Hey, Ray, Goldmouth don't believe me. Ain't it so they got trains up in New York City that run under the streets?
Anybody else need anything read?
Appreciate it.
No, it says Marleen here.
Jenny?
Apparently, your sister died.
You should have come by last night, Radio. You woulda had yourself some fun.
That's it. The Boom-Boom Room. Sure would like to see that place when you get it up and running.
You mean the Boom-Boom Room?
Hey, Ray, what's the name of that nightclub of yours?
Sure I've been to the Cotton Club. It's pretty sweet. But it don't hold a candle to the Boom Boom Room. That's where the real action is.
Hey, Ray, you ever been to the Cotton Club?
Greenville, that the nearest town?
Couple years back, Cookie made it clear to Greenville.
I slipped in a couple of bottles of my latest batch. Help wash down all them pills they'll be giving you.
They'll be sending you up there soon enough. And not just for a visit, neither.
Alright Willie, I think I got everything. I'll talk to Dillard, see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you. Make sure they're changing your diapers regular.
I'm talking about old Satchmo nearly blew the roof off the joint.
Last night? What are you talking about, Ray?
That's my joint. The swinginest nightclub in town.
What's the Boom Boom Room?
They run but they never get too far.
You all been here a long time. Doesn't anybody ever escape from this place?
Goldmouth? They say he was born out back behind the shithouse. That's what they say.
That's a long story...
What are you in for, Willie?
Me? Willie Long.
What's your name?
Maybe we will. Nice meeting you.
Green's the only color that matters under the hill. They got gambling, girls. You oughta check it out.
Blacks welcome there?
That's Natchez-under-the-Hill.
Man, that music is hot. What goes on down there, Slim?
You found him.
How you doing? We're looking for Slim.
I just want somebody who won't put a bullet in my back once the truck is full.
If I was you, I'd want somebody who can handle himself in a tight spot.
I'll take the little choirboy, if you don't mind.
Alright, Ray, you've got a deal. Pick your man and get going.
Understood.
If you fuck me on this one, I'll spare no expense.
All I need is the front money and a truck. I could be back in two, three days tops if I had somebody to share the driving.
I'm interested. Keep talking.
Comes up the Mississippi. I can get more. A lot more. I was thinking about going into business for myself, but under the circumstances, I'd be willing to take on a partner.
Where'd you get this?
Puerto Rican rum. See for yourself.
What's that, some of your bathtub brew?
Come on, Spank, I'm just trying to get by here. You remember how it was when you were starting out.
But you do. What does that say about you, Ray? What does that say about me? I've given you a lot of leeway over the years on account of your father. But he didn't last long enough to teach you the meaning of the word respect so I guess I'm gonna have to school you myself.
You don't have to drown that fella, Spanky. You already scared him half to death. He didn't know who he was fucking with.
