Let me have it.  "Aboard the S.S. Manchuria. Last night Conway seemed to recover his memory. Kept talking about Shangri- La, telling a fantastic story about a place in Tibet. Insisted upon returning there at once. Locked him in room but he escaped us and jumped ship during night at Singapore. Am leaving ship myself to overtake him, as fearful of his condition. Wrote down details of Conway's story about Shangri-La which I am forwarding. Lord Gainsford."
Conway's gone again! Run out! Listen to this! From Gainsford.
I'll dispatch a convoy to meet him.
Yes, sir.
Yes. Might as well - all of it.
All of it?
"Leaving today for London with Conway aboard S.S. Manchuria. Conway can tell nothing of his experiences. Is suffering from complete loss of memory. Signed, Gainsford."
Oh, read it!
Cable from Gainsford.
Yes.
Two years!?
Yes. Those are our own people. They never venture beyond the point where you were met this morning. It is much too hazardous.
What about those men we met this morning?
It's always been a source of deep regret, but the mountains surrounding us have made reception almost impossible.
Not even a radio?
Thank you.
Well, there's certainly nothing wrong with that meal!
She's remaining in her room. She isn't feeling very well.  Now please go on without me. I eat very little.
Where's the girl? Miss Stone.
Plumbing. Everything modern. I'm going to run pipes all through the village—
Oh my, isn't that pretty! What is it?
In a quandary.
Why? Why 'come on' all the time? What's the matter?  Are you going to be a fuss budget all your life? Here, drink it up! Aren't you having any fun? Where was I?
Come on, Lovey.
They were in a quandary, and—
I'm going to sleep in my bed. Come on, Lovey!
—then the bears came right into the bedroom and the little baby bear said, "Oh, somebody's been sleeping in my bed." And then the mama bear said, "Oh dear, somebody's been sleeping in my bed!" And then the big papa bear, he roared, "And somebody's been sleeping in my bed!" Well, you have to admit the poor little bears were in a quandary!
This doesn't obligate me in any way.
There you are!
Certainly not!
And be poisoned out here in the open?
You were asked to have a glass of wine. Sit down!
So that's where you are. I might of known it. No wonder you couldn't hear me.
Hey Lovey, come here! Lovey, I asked for a glass of wine and look what I got. Come on, sit down.
Horns? What kind of horns?
Yeah. You know.
Horns?
They're very nice people - except that they've got horns.
And this trip to the valley. I can't imagine why I'd allow you to drag me down here. Why, we don't know anything about these people. We're not even armed!
Okay, Lovey.
Barney? Why should I? Never! We have nothing in common. Hmmpf, Barney! What effrontery!
Just call me Barney.
I don't know why I associate with you, Mr. Barnard - or Mr. Chalmers Bryant - or Mr. Embezzler - or whatever your name may be.
Sounds like a stall to me.
Yes.
You are a thief, sir, and a swindler, and I, for one, will be only too glad to turn you over to the police when we get back.
You know, that's what makes the whole thing so funny. A guy like me starts out in life as a plumber - an ordinary, everyday, slew-footed plumber - and by the use of a little brains, mind you, he builds up a gigantic institution, employs thousands of people, becomes a great civic leader. And then the crash comes - and overnight he's the biggest crook the country ever had.
colossal nerve you have sitting there and talking about it so calmly - you, the swindler of thousands of people—
That's too bad. I got a half million shares. My whole foundation! And now look at me!
Uh-huh.  Did you ever hear of Chalmers Bryant?
The police?
Believe me, it's no fun. When you fellas picked me up at Baskul, they'd been on my tail for a year.
Certainly not.
It's very strange, you know. You've never told us anything about yourself. Who are you, anyway? Why don't you take your mask off for once!
Have I?
Ha, ha - who are you to be talking about a mask? What do you mean? You've been wearing a mask ever since we met you.
And say, honey, you look a million per cent better. Wholesome, kind of - and clean. You take a tip from me, and don't you ever put that stuff on your face again. Why, it's like hiding behind a mask.
Then I'm your man.  Come on, Toots.
Yes.
No kidding?
As a matter of fact, I'm very good at double solitaire.
Thinking? What about some double solitaire?
I'm thinking.
How about you Lovey? Come on. Let's you and I play a game of honeymoon bridge.
Mr. Conway, I don't like this place. I don't like it. It's too mysterious.
Don't mind Lovey. He's got the misery.
All the conveniences for the condemned, if you ask me.
Some layout they got here. Did you get a load of the rooms? You couldn't do better at the Ritz.
Please don't call me Lovey.
Uh-huh. You're a scream, Lovey.
That's what they do with cattle just before the slaughter. Fatten them.
Yeah? If this be execution, lead me to it.
I just feel as though I'm being made ready for the executioner.
Something tells me this means food. Come on!
You never looked better in your life. As soon as our clothes are cleaned, they're going to give them back to us, Lovey.
Look at me. Look at what they gave me to wear.
Will you stop squawking!
Mr. Barnard, I do not like this place. I definitely do not like this place.
Do you think they're cannibals?
Yes!
Where are they? Do you see them?
All right, all right. Keep quiet.
Left us here to rot. That's what they've done. Heroes of the newspapers!
Do you suppose we stopped someplace during the night and changed pilots?
Yes. And who is he ? How'd he get there?
Of course. That's what I told them last night. You can't expect a man to sail around in the dark.[5] During this George has been looking around - he rises.
He might have lost his way.
Now you're irritating and absurd!
Uh-huh. All I know is - the sun rises in the east, and we're going away from it.
Well, you just reverse it. Your left hand is—  What difference does it make what 'hand' you are? The north is the north!
Yes.
Oh, really?
I always get it twisted because I'm left-handed.
Any child knows how to tell direction. Any child. I don't care where the child is - in the air, on the earth, or in the sea. If you face the rising sun, your right hand is the north, and your left hand is the south—
Look here—
It certainly is.
Is it?
That's ridiculous.
Well, it looks to me as if we're traveling west.
Why, of course. Yes.
Wait a minute. Is it a good morning? Say, we're supposed to be traveling east, aren't we?
I'm never conversational before I coffee.
Well, it's a good morning, anyway.
I see.
I see.
I didn't care for 'sister' last night, and I don't like 'Lovey' this morning. My name is Lovett - Alexander, P.
Good morning—
I say, good morning, Lovey.
I beg your pardon.
Good morning, Lovey.
Okay, sister.  No offense. No offense!
Don't call me brother.
Okay, brother.
Yes, it just shows—  I don't know why I'm talking to you. I don't know you. Who are you?
Sir Henry Derwent was knighted, and he never got beyond the mesozoic era.
Yeah, I remember. You said that before.
It was the vertebrae of a Megatherium - found in Asia.
Wait a minute, you expect to be knighted for finding that soupbone?
You see, from this vertebrae I shall be able to reconstruct the entire skeleton.
Uh-huh.
This is the only thing I was able to save when those heathens surrounded me.
Sorry.
Not at all.
Knighted! You don't say. Do you mind if I take a look at it?
When I get home I shall probably be knighted for it.
Uh-huh.
Found in Asia!
Well, what do you know about that!
I have here a discovery that will startle the world. It's the vertebrae from the lumbar of a Megatherium,[4] found in Asia.
Oh, I see.
A paleontologist.
A what?
I'm a paleontologist.
Fossils, huh?
Fossils.
I beg your pardon, brother. What did you say you were hunting?
All right.
Oh - that! That can wait. Nobody's going to run off with it.  Say, I've got to get busy. I want to show this whole layout to Chang.  So long. Don't you take any wooden nickels.
Gold. You were going to—
Huh?
Say, what about that gold deal?
Think of it! In times like these.
It's unbelievable.
You see? You get the idea? From this reservoir here I can pipe in the whole works. Oh, I'm going to get a great kick out of this. Of course it's just to keep my hand in, but with the equipment we have here, I can put a plumbing system in for the whole village down there. Can rig it up in no time.  Do you realize those poor people are still going to the well for water?
Mr. Chang - High Lamas or Low Lamas, do we get the porters?
Yeah. I though you ran this joint.
Bryant's Utilities - that's me.
Chalmers Bryant!
All right, I will! I'll let my hair down! Why not? It can't make any real difference now.  Hey Lovey, were you ever chased by the police?
Yes. Unbosom yourself, Mr. Hyde.[11]
Please! Please! Do not wait for me! I eat so very little.
Hey, hurry up, you slow-pokes - I'm starved!
Not for me, thanks. No, I'm too weary.
That's what I say. What do you say to a rubber of bridge? I saw some cards in the other room.
I'll say.
It's better than freezing to death down below, isn't it?
Well, there's nothing we can do until the morning.
What are we going to do?
Wonder what's happened to Fenner.
Well, that's that, I guess.
Nice puss to meet in a dark alley.
Charming chap.
Sure - sure. Don't you worry. I'll take care of you.
If you want me to!
Oh, that's a cinch. I'll show them how to cast pipes out of clay.
Pipes? Where are you going to get pipes?
Look, honey. We run the pipes through here, and we connect with the main water line here.
Why, you look beautiful.
Nothing. Why?
Hey, what's happened to you?
Say, listen - will you go and annoy the rest of your playmates? Let me alone!
Say, you're an American, aren't you?
No.
I say, will you have a cigarette?
Oh, no - you don't want to go yet, honey.  She'll stick around too.  Is that right?
All right! If you insist on being an idiot, I'm not going to waste time coaxing you.  How about you?
Well, no. You see, I got this plumbing business—
I see. You're afraid of going to jail, eh?
Well - I'm—
You mean you don't want to go?
I think I'll stick around. I'll leave with the porters on their next trip.
Right this very minute!  The porters are waiting for us on the plateau. And that Chinaman thought he could stop me. Come along.
When are you going to start?
Yes. I've just been talking with the porters. They're going to take us. We've got clothing, food, everything. Come on!
Leaving?
There you are! Barnard, you'd better get your things together. We're leaving.
Look, Bob!
Hey - look!
Over by that hill.
Cave, eh? Where?
I can't let him go alone. It's suicide!
You must prevail upon him not to attempt the journey. He could never get through that country alive.
Age is a limit we impose upon ourselves. You know, each time you Westerners celebrate your birthday, you build another fence around your minds.
It's weird.  Chang, how old are you?
Oh, she'd quickly revert in her appearance to her actual age.
No, I mean about her appearance. If she should leave the valley - what would happen?
Leave Shangri-La! That's not likely. You couldn't drive her out.
Suppose she should leave it?
Not for years. Shangri-La will keep her youthful indefinitely.
Amazing!  She still doesn't look over 20. When is she likely to grow old in appearance?
Young? She arrived here in 1888. She was 20 at the time. She was on her way to join her betrothed - when her carriers lost their way in the mountains. The whole party would have perished but for meeting some of our people.
Why not? She's an attractive young woman.
Your brother seems quite fascinated by her.
Yes, charming.
Charming, isn't she?
No thanks. Not tonight if you don't mind.
Shall we have another?
Yes. I'm afraid it does.
Well, then he's the man I want to see.  Will you come along?
The High Lama arranges everything, Mr. Conway.
And he can arrange for the porters to take us back?
The only one.
One moment. You say the High Lama is the only one who can give us any information?
Then everything is quite all right, isn't it?
Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation, of course.
I mean, your amazement. I could have understood it in any of your companions, but you - who have dreamed and written so much about better worlds. Or is it that you fail to recognize one of your own dreams when you see it?
I surprise you? Now that's news.
Why, Mr. Conway, you surprise me!
That's all very fine if it works out. A little amazing, of course.
And very true. Your lives are therefore, as a rule, shorter, not so much by natural death as by indirect suicide.
Very often.
Forgive me. I should have told you it is quite common here to live to a very ripe old age. Climate, diet, mountain water, you might say. But we like to believe it is the absence of struggle in the way we live. In your countries, on the other hand, how often do you hear the expression, "He worried himself to death?" or, "This thing or that killed him?"
Oh, no. Just a little bowled over, that's all.
You're startled?
108 and still active?
Rather astonishingly so, yes. And particularly so in the case of Father Perrault himself. Do you know when he and the natives were finished building Shangri-La, he was 108 years old and still very active, in spite of only having one leg?
Well, is it?
Yes, yes. They were very sincere about it too. You see, a perfect body in perfect health is the rule here. They've never known anything different. So what was true for them they thought would naturally be true for anyone else living here.
Well, they didn't actually mean that.
Yes. Oddly enough, later, when he had learned to understand their language, the natives told him he could have saved his leg. It would have healed without amputation.
He amputated his own leg?
Oh, let me see - way back in 1713, I think it was, that Father Perrault stumbled into the Valley, half frozen to death. It was typical of the man that, one leg being frozen, and of course there being no doctors here, he amputated the leg himself.
When was all this?
A Belgian priest by the name of Father Perrault, the first European to find this place, and a very great man indeed. He is responsible for everything you see here. He built Shangri-La, taught our natives, and began our collection of art. In fact, Shangri-La is Father Perrault.
Who?
That, my dear Conway, is the story of a remarkable man.
I see. Gold for ideas. You know Mr. Chang, there's something so simple and naive about all of this that I suspect there has been a shrewd, guiding intelligence somewhere. Whose idea was it? How did it all start?
Buy and - sell? No, no, pardon me, exchange .
—buy and sell?
Our Valley is very rich in a metal called gold, which fortunately for us is valued very highly in the outside world. So we merely . . .
That would suit me perfectly. I'm always broke. How did you pay for them?
Of course we have no money as you know it. We do not buy or sell or seek personal fortunes because, well, because there is no uncertain future here for which to accumulate it.
Centuries! Where did you get the money to pay for all those treasures?
Centuries.
Well, it must have taken–
They were.
But Mr. Chang, all these things - books, instruments, sculpture - do you mean to say they were all brought in over those mountains by porters?
You'd be surprised, my dear Conway, how a little courtesy all around helps to smooth out the most complicated problems.
That's very convenient. I think I'd like that.
Well, in that event, it would be good manners on the part of the other man to let him have her.
Suppose somebody wanted her so badly that he didn't give a hang if it was good manners or not?
Only very rarely. You see, it would not be considered good manners to take a woman that another man wanted.
You have no disputes over women?
Why, we have no crime here. What makes a criminal?  Lack, usually. Avariciousness, envy, the desire to possess something owned by another. There can be no crime where there is a sufficiency of everything.
How do you deal with incorrigibles? Criminals?
Oh, good heavens, no!
How about law and order? You have no soldiers or police?
We find, in the Valley, it makes for better happiness among the natives. We rule with moderate strictness and in return we are satisfied with moderate obedience. As a result, our people are moderately honest and moderately chaste and somewhat more than moderately happy.
That's intelligent.
To put it simply, I should say that our general belief was in moderation. We preach the virtue of avoiding excesses of every kind, even including—  —the excess of virtue itself.
We follow many.
By the way, what religion do you follow here?
Shall we go inside? I should so like to show you some of our rare treasures.
You know, that's the fourth time you've said that today. You should have a record made of it.
There are some things, my dear Conway, I deeply regret I may not discuss.
For a man who talks a great deal, it's amazing how unenlightening you can be.
In time you will meet them all.
Who, for instance?
Oh, yes.
So there are others?
Goodness, no!
Who and what is Shangri-La? You?
It's three thousand feet, practically straight down to the floor of the valley. The Valley of the Blue Moon, as we call it. There are over two thousand people in the Valley besides those here in Shangri-La.
I'm glad you like it. It's made right here in the valley.
And the wine - excellent.
Thank you.
You will need suitable clothes for the journey. It is not particularly far, but quite difficult.
He must have had a heart attack, or perhaps the fumes. When the plane landed he was dead.
Where is your mad pilot?
You've no idea, sir, how unexpected and very welcome you are. My friends and I - and the lady in the plane - left Baskul night before last for Shanghai, but we suddenly found ourselves traveling in the opposite direction—
How do you do?
And mine's Conway.
Don't preach that cheap, second- hand stuff to me!  Go on, beat it. Beat it!
You shouldn't be looking at the bottom of the mountain. Why don't you try looking up at the top sometimes?
Sure, you can help me! You can help me jump over that cliff! I've been looking and looking at the bottom of that mountain, but I haven't got the nerve to jump!
Please let me help you.
No doctors?  That's fine. That's just fine.
I'm sorry, but we have no doctors here.
I don't need any advice from you! Get me a doctor!
Please calm yourself. You'll soon be well if you do.
You get out of here! If any of you men think you can come busting in here-
I've offered you some warm broth. I thought perhaps-
What do you want?
Thank you.
Oh, thank you. Thank you!
Then it's done.
Oh, immediately.
I'm sure you were. When would you like to start?
Isn't it? Isn't it! You know I was a professor for twenty years? - and a very good one.
Splendid!
Well, Mr. Chang, I thought, with your permission of course, and while I'm waiting for these porters, I would like to organize classes for those children in the valley and teach them something practical and something useful. Geology.
Now, what would you like to do?
"Ungrateful fool . . . !"  Those were my very words to myself last night. "Here are these people in Shangri-La doing everything in their power to make our stay comfortable and happy and I haven't done one single thing to show my appreciation."
Why, no.
Simply preposterous. Do you know what I did last night? Last night, Mr. Chang, I held a sort of a self- inventory. I said to myself last night, Mr. Chang, I said, "Lovey"—  Mr. Lovett! "Mr. Lovett," I said, "you are an ungrateful fool . . . "
Oh, I'm so glad.
I don't mean it in that sense. I only give credit where credit is due.  Er, Mr. Chang, I'm very anxious to have you realize that I never for a moment believed that ridiculous kidnapping story.
You've very kind Mr. Lovett.
You may not know it, Mr. Chang, but right here you have Utopia.[15]
Yes.
Amazing, Mr. Chang. This place is amazing! And that marble quarry in the valley is simply magnificent. Oh, I've looked around. I've seen everything. Your woodworkers and your cloth-weavers - they all seem so very, very happy.
The High Lama! Who in blazes is he?!
You know, it's very, very strange, but when you saw me in the corridor, I was actually on my way to you. I bring the most amazing news.  The High Lama wishes to see you, Mr. Conway.
Well, we've been expecting this particular shipment for the past two years.
What exactly do you mean by "almost any time now"?
No.
No porters here!!
I'm afraid that wouldn't help. You see, we have no porters here.
Of course, the porters will be very well paid - that is, within reason.
You've been lying to us ever since we got here! Apparently it's worked with some people. Perhaps it's because they lack the courage to do anything about it. But not me, Chang. You're up against the wrong man. I'll get out of here, if I have to blow this fantastic place into the valley! I'll get out—porters or no porters!
Now, my dear boy. You shouldn't—
A fine trick! Smart, aren't you? What a pack of lies you told us about those porters! Of course the minute they arrive, we can make arrangements to leave. If they take us. But you knew very well you'd tell them not to!
Don't believe him, Bob. He's just trying to get out.
The High Lama is the only one from whom any information can come.
In that respect, you are exceedingly fortunate. We are expecting a shipment from them almost any time now—
How can we get in touch with them?
Oh, yes. There is a tribe of porters some five hundred miles from here. That is our only contact with the outside world. Every now and again, depending upon favorable weather of course, they make the journey.
Oh, dear.
As far away as I ever want to be.
Are you so certain you are away from it?
In that event, we better make arrangements to get some porters immediately. Some means to get us back to civilization.
Pardon me—
We were just going to bury him when you came along.
Hey!
No, I can't! I can't! You've got to let me rest! You've got to let me rest!
Yes, of course. Certainly. Come on!
Are you taking me?
No, Mr. Conway, I'm not lying. What reason could I have for lying? The chances are that we'll never come out of that horrible trip alive, but I'd rather die out there in a snowstorm and be buried alive, than to stay here one more minute now.
You're lying, aren't you?
I thought so!  He tells everyone I'm old. He wants them to stay away from me. He can't stand it when anyone comes near. He's punished me for every minute I've spent with George. If it weren't for him, I would have been out of here long ago, but he always stops me. Six months ago, I tried to escape and he locked me in a dark room. I nearly went crazy.  Look at me, Mr. Conway, do I look like an old woman? Is this the skin of an old woman? Look into my eyes and see if these are the eyes of an old woman?
Yes.
Old woman? Chang told you that, didn't he?
Aren't you afraid to leave? You don't want to look like an old woman, do you?
He's dead? That's fine. You won't see me shedding any tears over him!  Oh George, you must take me with you!
Father Perrault is dead.
The High Lama? Who pays any attention to him? The porters laugh at the High Lama. All they want to know is how much gold he will give them. Well, I gave them more gold. I've been stealing it for a year. I'd do anything to get out of this place. To get away from that High Lama - the one who calls himself Father Perrault! Why, he's been insane for years!
I thought the porters had instructions from the High Lama not to take anyone.
I'll die if I have to stay here another minute! I've waited a long time for this chance to go, and you're not going to stop me now. If I have to, I'll go alone. It was I who bribed the porters. If it weren't for me, you'd never get out!
Do you mean to tell me you want to leave Shangri-La?
It's all your fault! It was all arranged until he spoke to you! Why can't you leave us alone?
We have reason. It is the entire meaning and purpose of Shangri-La. It came to me in a vision, long, long, ago. I saw all the nations strengthening, not in wisdom, but in the vulgar passions and the will to destroy. I saw their machine power multiply until a single weaponed man might match a whole army. I foresaw a time when man, exulting in the technique of murder, would rage so hotly over the world that every book, every treasure, would be doomed to destruction. This vision was so vivid and so moving that I determined to gather together all the things of beauty and culture that I could and preserve them here against the doom toward which the world is rushing.  Look at the world today! Is there anything more pitiful?  What madness there is, what blindness, what unintelligent leadership! A scurrying mass of bewildered humanity crashing headlong against each other, propelled by an orgy of greed and brutality. The time must come, my friend, when this orgy will spend itself, when brutality and the lust for power must perish by its own sword. Against that time is why I avoided death and am here, and why you were brought here. For when that day comes, the world must begin to look for a new life. And it is our hope that they may find it here. For here we shall be with their books and their music and a way of life based on one simple rule: Be Kind.  When that day comes, it is our hope that the brotherly love of Shangri-La will spread throughout the world.  Yes, my son, when the strong have devoured each other, the Christian ethic may at last be fulfilled, and the meek shall inherit the earth.
But to be candid, Father, a prolonged future doesn't excite me. It would have to have a point. I've sometimes doubted whether life itself has any. And if that is so, then long life must be even more pointless. No, I'd need a much more definite reason for going on and on.
We need men like you here, to be sure that our community will continue to thrive. In return for which, Shangri-La has much to give you. You are still, by the world's standards, a youngish man. Yet in the normal course of existence, you can expect twenty or thirty years of gradually diminishing activity. Here, however, in Shangri- La, by our standards your life has just begun, and may go on and on.
Of course I have suspected that our being here is no accident. Furthermore, I have a feeling that we're never supposed to leave. But that, for the moment, doesn't concern me greatly. I'll meet that when it comes. What particularly interests me at present is, why was I brought here? What possible use can I be to an already thriving community?
Yes. She has read your books and has a profound admiration for you, as have we all.
Oh, the girl at the piano?
Sondra Bizet.
That I be brought here? Who had that brilliant idea?
That Conway seemed to belong here. In fact, it was suggested that someone be sent to bring him here.
Sit down, my son.  You may not know it, but I've been an admirer of yours for a great many years.
You're the man Chang told me about! You're the first - who - two hundred years ago—  —you're still alive, Father Perrault!
What is it, my son?
It's astonishing - and incredible, but—
Personally, I've enjoyed your community very much. But my friends do not care for this mystery. They are determined to leave as soon as—
I trust you have been comfortable at Shangri-La, since your arrival.
Yes.
Are you the High Lama?
Sit here, near me. I am an old man and can do no one any harm.
Do you think this will come in my time?
I have waited for you, my son, for a long time. I have sat in this room and seen the faces of newcomers. I have looked into their eyes and heard their voices - always in hope that I might find you . My friend, it is not an arduous task that I bequeath, for our order knows only silken bonds. To be gentle and patient, to care for the riches of the mind, to preside in wisdom, while the storm rages without.
Because, my son, I am placing in your hands the future and destiny of Shangri-La.  For I am going to die.
Mine?
You must not look to me for help. Your brother is no longer my problem. He is now your problem, Conway.
I knew you'd understand. That's why I came to you for help.
Yes, of course, your brother is a problem. It was to be expected.
As long as they keep on aiming at us, we're safe.  Come now, child.
Target practice again! One of these days they're going to hit us.
There's nothing that would suit them better than to lose us, but we must go on.  Come on.
Bob, can't you get them to wait for us? They're leaving us farther behind every day.
Can't you shut up? Must you go on babbling like an idiot?
was saying—
What was that?
Lucky thing for me you snapped out of it, too. You saved my life. I never could have made it alone.
Come on! We're wasting time!
I've already asked them. They're afraid to make the trip. We'll have to send an expedition back after them.
What about the others?
Yes, everything!
The clothes?
Yes.
You say the porters are waiting for us?
I don't believe it! I can't believe it. She's lying.  You're lying. You're lying! Every word you've been saying is a lie! Come on, say it!
She was kidnapped and brought here two years ago just as we were, Bob.
All right. I'll prove it to you! You believe everything they've told you - without proof! I'll prove my story!
I don't believe it! I don't believe a word of it!
So everyone is serenely happy in Shangri-La? Nobody would ever think of leaving?  It's all just so much rot! She's pleaded with me ever since I came here to take her away from this awful place. She's cried in my arms for hours, for fear I'd leave her behind. And what's more, she's made two trips to the plateau to bribe the porters - for me!
I'm not wrong. She told me so. Besides, she wouldn't have to tell me. I'd know anyway.  I found out a lot of things last night.  I'm not ashamed of it either. It's probably one of the few decent things that's ever happened in this hellish place.
You're wrong, George.
This would be funny - if it wasn't so pathetic. Why, she isn't a day over twenty!
She came here in 1888!
What do you mean - "fade away like an echo"?
Because you can't. Do you know what will happen to her if she leaves Shangri-La? She's a fragile thing that can only live where fragile things are loved. Take her out of this valley and she'll fade away like an echo.
Why not?
You can't take her away from here!
She's going with me.
What's she got to do with it?
Yes, the little Russian girl.
Maria?
Oh yes. It's all set. Maria made the arrangements.
George, are you sure of the porters? About their taking care of you, I mean?
Well, I can't think of anything more to say. Goodbye, Bob.
George, I may be wrong, I may be a maniac. But I believe in this, and I'm not going to lose it.  You know how much I want to help you, but this is bigger, stronger if you like than brotherly love. I'm sorry, George. I'm staying.
I'd go mad!
George, you couldn't possibly stay here, could you?
Besides, I - I don't feel like making that trip alone, Bob.
Oh, George . . .
Look here, Bob, Ever since I can remember, you've looked after me. Now I think you're the one that needs looking after. I'm your brother, Bob. If there's something wrong with you, let me help you.
Enough! Never mind the girl!  Well, why don't you go?
It's that girl - that girl has twisted and turned—
I'm tired of owing you things. You're free to go. Go ahead.
You've got to talk about it. What about me? You said they stole that plane to bring you here. I didn't want to come. You owe me some responsibility.
Please, George. I don't want to talk about it anymore.
It's no place for you, Bob. Think of what's waiting for you. Do you want to stay here until you're half dead? Until your mind starts corroding like the rest of them?
Then you'd better go, George. This is no place for you.
What else could it mean to me? It's obviously a lot of bunk.
Is that all my story meant to you?
I knew there was a reason I hated this place. I'd give half my life to fly over it with a load of bombs just for what they've done to you. How do you know the things they told you are true? Did they show you any proof? All this talk about the Lamas being hundreds of years old. How do you know? Did you see their birth certificates?  I can't believe it, Bob. A bunch of decrepit old men sit around and dream about reforming the world. And you, Bob Conway - two-feet-on- the-ground Conway - want to join them. It's horrible.
I don't need any proof.
I think you've been hypnotized by a lot of loose-brained fanatics. Why, I wouldn't believe it if I heard it in an English monastery. Why should I swallow it here in Tibet?  How do you know the things they told you are true? Did they show you any proof?
So you think it's all nonsense, huh?
What else can I think after a tale like that?  Good heavens, Bob, things like that don't happen today. We're living in the twentieth century.
So you think I'm mad?
Well, I - I really don't know what to say. Except that you must be completely mad.
I will, George. I want to tell you. I'll burst with it if I don't. It's weird and fantastical and sometimes unbelievable, but so beautiful!  Well, as you know, we were kidnapped and brought here . . .
I don't know what you're talking about. You're carrying around a secret that seems to be eating you up. If you'll only tell me about it.
Something grand and beautiful, George. Something I've been searching for all my life. The answer to the confusion and bewilderment of a lifetime. I've found it, George, and I can't leave it. You mustn't either.
Stay here?!  What's the matter with you, Bob? You've been acting strangely ever since we came here.  I've never seen you like this. Why can't we leave? What's stopping us?
You mustn't. You've got to stay here now.
Why not? What's going to stop me?
You can't leave, George.
I said we're getting out of here. Back to civilization. I made a deal with the porters. They brought in a load of books or something, and they're leaving tomorrow at dawn. They're waiting for us five miles outside the valley. Come on, get your things together. Where's your top coat?
I don't see that there's anything to say.
George - you're behaving like a child. You haven't opened your mouth in two weeks.
George. George - do you mind? I'm sorry, but I can't talk about it tonight.
For heaven's sake, Bob, what's the matter with you? You went out there for the purpose of—
Why - I'm sorry - but I—
Didn't you find out anything about the porters?
Porters?
What about the porters?
All right. Sorry, George.
Let me up! Let me up!
Chang! Chang! Chang!
George, come back!
Let me go, Bob!
George, what do you think you're doing?
Shhh!
I'm afraid the porters are just a myth.  I guess we never will know why we're here, or how long we're going to be held prisoners.
Well, we haven't been murdered in our beds yet, George, have we?
Good heavens, Bob, we've been here two weeks and we haven't found out a thing.
Porters?
Nothing about the porters yet?
Well - I heard that if you want a man's wife, she's yours, if he's got any manners.
That's what's on the other side of the hill.
There must be some connection between the plane and this place. They must have deliberately brought us here. Why, Bob? What reason could they have for doing a thing like that?
Uh-huh.
Chang's first question was about the pilot.
George, I've been putting things together. Do you notice the resemblance between those natives and the pilot? And why did those clothes materialize so conveniently when they met us at the plane? Chang himself just said that they never venture beyond that point. What brought them there? Unless it was to meet us?
What's on your mind, Bob? You talk as though we're going to have trouble getting out of here.
Well - I mean—
That's what you said.
Did I say "if"?
What do you mean if we should get out?
Of course you would. If ever we get out of this place, the thing for you to do is to take that job with Helen's father.
What could there be except just another hill? In any event, I'm not curious. At the moment, it seems to me we should be concerned about getting home. I'd give anything to be in London right now.
Don't you ever want to see what's on the other side of the hill?
You're a strange bird. No wonder Gainsford calls you the man who always wanted to see what was on the other side of the hill.
I don't know.
What are you talking about?
Something happened to me, when we arrived here, George, that - well - did you ever go to a totally strange place, and feel certain that you've been there before?
You talk as though you intend on staying.
Oh, I'm feeling far too peaceful to be concerned about anything.  I think I'm going to like it here.
It's far from over, from what I can see. This place gives me the creeps, hidden away like this - no contact with civilization. Bob, you don't seem concerned at all.
We've had plenty of it the last few days.
Thanks.  I suppose all this comes under the heading of adventure.
Hello, George.  Cigarette?
It means we're in unexplored country - country nobody ever reached.
What's it mean?
That's where we were this morning. He had it marked. Right on the border of Tibet. Here's where civilization ends. We must be a thousand miles beyond it - just a blank on the map.
Yes.
See that spot?
What is it?
Dead?
He's dead.
It looks like it.  Smell those fumes?
What is it? Has he fainted?
It's not knowing that's so awful, Bob. Not knowing where you're going, or why, or what's waiting when you get there.
Oh George, come on.
I don't know. I can't get the dialect.
What are these people?
I'm going to drag him out and force him to tell us what his game is.
George, what are you going to do?
The bloke up there looks a Chinese, or a Mongolian, or something.
Oh, stop it!
Huh? Oh, sure, Freshie. Good thing, sleep.
Do try to sleep, Bob.
Don't worry, George. Nothing's going to happen. I'll fall right into line. I'll be the good little boy that everybody wants me to be. I'll be the best little Foreign Secretary we ever had, just because I haven't the nerve to be anything else.
Just you wait until I'm Foreign Secretary. Can't you just see me, Freshie, with all those other shrewd, little Foreign Secretaries?  You see, the trick is to see who can out-talk the other. Everybody wants something for nothing, and if you can't get it with smooth talk, you send an army in. I'm going to fool them, Freshie. I'm not going to have an army. I'm going to disband mine. I'm going to sink my battleships - I'm going to destroy every piece of warcraft. Then when the enemy approaches we'll say, "Come in, gentlemen - what can we do for you?"  So then the poor enemy soldiers will stop and think. And what will they think, Freshie? They'll think to themselves - "Something's wrong here. We've been duped. This is not according to form. These people seem to be quite friendly, and why should we shoot them?" Then they'll lay down their arms. You see how simple the whole thing is? Centuries of tradition kicked right in the pants—  —and I'll be slapped straight into the nearest insane asylum.
You'd better try to get some sleep, Bob.
Hurray for us. Did you say that we left ten thousand natives down there to be annihilated? No, you wouldn't say that. They don't count.
Yes.
Did you say we saved ninety white people?
Yes, Bob.
Hello, Freshie. Did you make that report out yet?
Don't talk nonsense. Give me the bottle.
How I'm going to bask in reflected glory!  People are going to point to me and say, "There goes George Conway - brother of the Foreign Secretary."
Hurray!
Just this once, Bob. I feel like celebrating. Just think of it, Bob - a cruiser sent to Shanghai just to take you back to England. You know what it means.  Here you are. Don't bother about those cables now. I want you to drink with me.  Gentlemen, I give you Robert Conway - England's new Foreign Secretary.
You?
Just what I needed too.
Aha - very good, Freshie.[3] Very good. You'd better put his name on the list and make out a report later.
The next time you're in wild country like this, keep in touch with the British Consul.
Come on! Quick! This way.
Bob, these are all that are left.
Right, Bob.
All right, go ahead!  We go on to the next plane. Bring out any people that are left.
Come on! We'll burn the hangar. That will make light for them!
The power house - they've blown it up! The planes can't land without lights.
Hello? Colonel?
Yes.
And be sure that none of the natives get in.
Yes.
Colonel, wait a minute, they may be here now!  Say George, get down on that field and guide those planes in when they get here.
Bob! I think I hear motors!
We'd be eternally grateful if you—
At the mercy of a mad pilot.
Well, Mr. Conway, for a man who is supposed to be a leader, your do- nothing attitude is very disappointing.
Huh? I give it up. But this not knowing where you're going is exciting anyway.
Where are we going? Huh?
Imagine having all that fuel there, waiting for us!  George, something tells me our journey is just beginning.
It might afford you a great deal of relief.  Now gentlemen, I'm going back to sleep. Oh, and I was having such a peaceful dream.  As soon as he lands, let me know.
Why, you - you— Look here - he may dash us to pieces!
What do you suggest?
You mean to tell me you're not going to do anything until we land?
I don't know. He must have had some purpose in taking the plane away from Fenner.  When he lands, we'll find out.
In for what?
I guess we're in for it.
Brilliant!  Can anyone here fly a plane?
We'll smash his face in. That's what we'll do.
What if he refuses?
Good.
What's he doing? Where's he taking us? He may be a maniac for all we know.
That fellow got on at Baskul.
Of course. We never left the air. I know - I didn't sleep the whole night long.
No. That's not possible! If we had landed, we all would have been awakened.
I know - and a war broke out right over your head.
Hiding? Oh, no. Hunting - I was in the interior - hunting fossils. This morning I looked up suddenly—
Where were you hiding?
Why aren't you registered through our office?
I'm Alexander P. Lovett, sir.
Where did you come from?
Forgiven.  You know, when we were on that plane, I was fascinated by the way its shadow followed it. That silly shadow racing along over mountains and valleys, covering ten times the distance of the plane. It was always there to greet us with outstretched arms when we landed. And I've been thinking that somehow you're that plane, and I'm that silly shadow. That all my life I've been rushing up and down hills, leaping rivers, crashing over obstacles, never dreaming that one day that beautiful thing in flight would land on this earth and into my arms.
I've thought about it for years.  I knew you'd come. And I knew if you did - you'd never leave.  Am I forgiven for sending for you?
Why?
I'd love it!
Would you like to wring my little neck?
Because mother read it in a book somewhere, and if mother's little darling doesn't take her fingers out of the salad bowl this instant, mother's going to wring her little neck.
Why, mother?
It's the most annoying word in the English language. Did you ever hear a child torture his parent with it?  Mother's little darling musn't stick her fingers in the salad bowl. Why? Because it isn't lady- like to do that. Why? Because that's what forks are made for, darling.
I was just going to.
You know, if you keep on asking that, we're not going to get anywhere. And don't ask me why.
Why?
Well, everybody naturally wants to make a place for himself, accumulate a nest egg, and so on.
Struggling, why?
Oh, the usual reasons. A world full of people struggling for existence.
Why?
It's not so bad, really. Some phases are a little sordid, of course. That's only to be expected.
Goodness, no. From what you tell me about it, it certainly doesn't sound very attractive.
You know, sometimes I think that it's the other that's the dream. The outside world. Have you never wanted to go there?
You see, it's not a dream.
Ouch!
When the plane lands at Shangri-La and wakes us all up.
Bump?
Beautiful! I'm waiting for the bump.
Then it wouldn't be a garden spot for long.
I'm sure of it. Just as I'm sure there's a wish for Shangri-La in everyone's heart. I have never seen the outside world. But I understand there are millions and millions of people who are supposed to be mean and greedy. Yet I just know that secretly they are all hoping to find a garden spot where there is peace and security, where there's beauty and comfort, where they wouldn't have to be mean and greedy. Oh, I just wish the whole world might come to this valley.
I wonder.
Perhaps because you've always been a part of Shangri-La without knowing it.
I can't quite explain it, but everything is somehow familiar. The very air that I breathe. The Lamasery, with its feet rooted in the good earth of this fertile valley, while its head explores the eternal. All the beautiful things I see, these cherry blossoms, you - all somehow familiar.  I've been kidnapped and brought here against my will. A crime, a great crime, yet I accept it amiably, with the same warm amiability one tolerates only from a very dear and close friend. Why? Can you tell me why?
I'm so glad.
On the contrary, you're not strange. And that in itself is confusing. I have the same idea about Shangri- La. The sense that I've been here before, that I belong here.
I'm sorry. I thought I was to be the light. But why do I confuse you? Am I so strange?
All of it. Father Perrault and his magnificent history. This place, hidden away from the rest of the world, with its glorious concepts, and now you come along and confuse me entirely.
What is?
Oh, you're going to make life very simple.
I'm thirty.
Father Perrault. Of course I can't quite get used to this age thing.
Yes, I know.
Father Perrault! I envy you. I talked to him last night.
Well, I was almost born here. It took place in that wild country beyond the pass. My father and mother were in a party of explorers who got lost and wandered around for a year. When Chang found us, only Father and I were alive. But he was too weak to climb the pass. He died on the way. I was brought up here by Father Perrault himself.
Thank you.
I'll help you. To begin with, you'd like to know what I'm doing here. Whether I was born here.
There are so many questions I'd like to ask you, I hardly know where to begin.
Don't worry about the pigeons. From now on, you can put flutes on my tail and bells on my feet!
I really only brought you here to show you my pigeons!
You're absolutely right. And I had to come all the way to a pigeon house in Shangri-La to find the only other person in the world who knew it. May I congratulate you?
Yes.
A little boy whistling in the dark!? Do you realize that there is a British cruiser waiting at Shanghai, smoke pouring out of its funnels, tugging at its moorings, waiting to take Mr. Conway back to London? Do you know that at this minute there are headlines shrieking all over the world the news that Conway is missing? Does that look like a man whose life is empty?
As a matter of fact, all I saw was a little boy whistling in the dark.
Oh, I know. It was full of this and full of that. But you were accomplishing nothing. You were going nowhere, and you knew it.
A man whose life was empty!
I saw a man whose life was empty.
Oh, you've read my books. You do more things! What have my books got to do with it?
That was easy. I read your books.
You suggested my being brought here, didn't you? What gave you the idea I'd fit in?
Yes. Hold this pigeon.
Was this your idea?
Oh, you mean my pigeons.
You know, each time I see you, I hear that music. What is it?
hope you'll forgive me for—
My name's Sondra.
Oh, please. I hope you're not going to run away this time.
Yes.  Barney!
You'll wait till you rot!
Well - no - I think I'd better wait. Yes, yes. I will. I'll wait.
I don't care what you've got started. Do you want to go?
Oh, my dear boy, I'm sorry. That's impossible. Why, I have my classes all started.
Home. Away from here. I've got porters to take us back.
Go? Where?
How about you? Do you want to go?
We didn't get much information out of him, did we Bob?
That's what I mean - mysterious. Mr. Conway, I don't like that man. He's too vague.
The first thing we want to do is to cable the Foreign Office. All of England is waiting to hear about my brother. There's a cruiser at Shanghai ready to take him back.
Now that dinner is over, if you'll excuse us, we're very anxious to discuss ways and means of getting back home.
English!
Why, he's speaking English.
Mountain grass. It's good, too. Here, have some. I've read of people lasting thirty days on this stuff.
What is it?
I don't know. I'm a paleontologist, not a Foreign Secretary.
What do you want him to do?
It's Fenner.
Be quiet! Fenner's the best pilot in China. He knows what he's doing.
I tell you, we're going west, and Shanghai is east of here!
Couldn't you arrange to make a little less noise?
How could I know that a war was going to break out right over my head!  Right over my head. Oh, my word! I tell you, those Chinese were pouncing on me from every direction. I had to get into these ridiculous clothes in order to escape.
It would serve you right if you were left behind.
You'll tell me some of the things I want to know, won't you?  You'll tell me who runs this place. And why we were kidnapped. And what they're going to do with us!
Thank you.
All right, I'll be there.
Please say you will. The days are so very long and lonely without you.  Please . . .
Perhaps.
I'll make some for you!  You will come today?
I'm sorry.  I haven't even got any cigarettes left!
You promised to come for tea yesterday. I waited for so long.
Please don't go.
EXCUSE ME–
