RUN!
What --
I'm sorry, John, but you have to run again.
Oh, Jesus...
She's not alive, but she didn't die.
She's still alive?
She grew up.
She died?
The drowning woman.  Anne... But it was too late.  Her little girl was already gone.
Who wanted her little girl back?
Can't you see?  She just wanted her little girl back.
I am going back.  I see myself there.
Agatha, you're never going back there.
I always wondered what the world would be like.  But now that I've seen it, I don't need to see any more.  It's all right.  Once I'm in the tank, I won't remember any of this.
You want to spend the rest of your life in the temple?
The other two will die without me.
Why?
I have to go back.
Someplace safe.
Where are we going?
But you still have a choice.  The others never had a chance to see their future.  You did.
I can't leave.  You said so yourself, there is no Minority Report.  I don't have an alternative future.
Please, I want to go back...
You were right.  I'm not being set up.
Anderton --
Every day for the last six years I've thought about only two things. The first was what my son would look like if he were alive today. If I would even recognize him if I saw him on the street.  The second was what I would do to the man who took him.
What is it?
Oh, God...
I have to find out what happened to my life.  Agatha.  I'm not going to kill the man.  I don't even know him.
Please --
I can't.  I have to know.
Anderton, leave.
He's here.
Wait.
Agatha...
He won't.
He'll turn around.
No.  Follow him.
Do it.  Right here.  On the ground.
Forget that guy --
Drop some money.
What?
Can you see the balloon man?
Agatha --
Agatha...
Take it.
Who?
They're inside.
What?
Is it now?
What?
Is it now?
I'm sorry, but I need your help. You contain information.  I need to know how to get it.  Can you just tell me who Leo Crow is?  Can you tell me if --
Can you see?
Wally!
How did I not see this?  Agatha, who killed you mother?  Who killed Anne Lively?
John?  What is it?
I know... I do, too...
I'm so sorry... I just want him back... I want him back so bad...
Anne Lively...
About who?
Because I found out about her...
Think, John.  Why would they set you up?
Somewhere.
Found?  Where?
Just some guy... they found.
Then who was he?
-- but he didn't.
-- go blind.  I know.
I'm setting up a timer.  When it goes off tomorrow, take off your bandages and get the hell out of here.  But not before then, or you'll --
Organic microbots that reconstruct the nerves and blood vessels. It'll feel like fleas chewing on your eyeballs.  But whatever you do, don't scratch.
The nano... what?
I know you're in a hurry, so I juiced up the nano-reconstruction around your new eyes.
I can't even stand up --
It goes from the bathroom to the kitchen.
Here --
How do I find the --
There's food in the refrigerator. Make sure you drink a lot of water.
How can I do what I do now?  Let's just say I spent a lot of time in the prison library.
So uh, if you were a plastic surgeon before...
And put them out.  Some not as quickly as others, but let's change the subject, shall we?  The future is much more interesting than the past.  Don't you think?
You set your patients on fire!
They were performance pieces.
You made those tapes...
Yes, you did.
I put you away --
Baltimore.  Eastside.  Solomon P. Eddie M.D.  I was a plastic surgeon.
From where?  D.C.?
Oh, yes.
We know each other?
You don't remember me, do you?
Tell you what, since you and I go way back, I'll give you my Old Pal discount.  How's that sound?
It's all I could safely move.
That's not much.
Whatever you say, John.
Because my mother gave them to me. What do you care?  They're no good to you on the secondary market anyway.
Why?
I know that, but I wanna keep the old ones.
And replace them with new ones.
Yeah --
Anesthesia.  Try to relax, John.  I'm saying I'll have to remove your eyes.  Completely.
Right.  I know --
You do understand I can't just give you new irises.  The scanners will read the scar tissue.  Alarms will go off.  Large men with guns will appear...
That's comforting.
Don't worry.  I could cut open your chest, sew a dead cat in there and you'd never get an infection.  Not with the spectrum of antibios I'll be shooting into you.
It's actually kind of a rush.  They say you get visions; that your life flashes before your eyes.  That all your dreams come true.
Lara --
You're part of my flock now, John. Welcome.
So she cleaned up.  Where is she now?
Looks like she was a neuroin addict like John Doe here, but I show an address history that includes the Beaton Clinic.
Just tell me about the intended victim.  This Anne Lively...
Hey, you wanna know where the word came from, "glitch?"
No... we have the two previsions from the twins right here, but...  ... I can't pull up any data from the female.  Probably just a glitch.
Try again.
Huh, we don't seem to have her data.
On account of those are not his eyes.  He had 'em swapped out to fool the scanners.
Why's he still a John Doe?  Why wasn't he ever ID's from an EYEscan?
Not to mention, "Saved by the bell".
... Graveyard shift.
Hence the expression...
I work graveyard, swing and day all by my lonesome.
You the only sentry?
For that, we have to go for a ride.
Show me just Agatha's data stream.
That's right.  It's a combined data stream based on all three previsions.
This is the official composite of the three precogs?
That's an old one.  One of our first.
This about the Justice Department?  They laid on a tour for tomorrow a.m.  Told me to wear a tie.  You like this one?
Victim's a white female.
Drowning.
Kill type?
No, you're not in trouble.  I'm interested in a murder.
I don't ever see any of you precops down here, I'm not in trouble am I?
Yes, sir.  I'm Gideon.  The music relaxes the prisoners.
You the sentry?
Then go ahead, pull the trigger.
No doubt.
No doubt the Precogs have already seen this.
Beauty?  The precogs don't even always agree with each other!
People want to believe in the system.  That's the beauty of it...
I just wanted to congratulate you. You did it.  You've created a world without murder.  So what if you had to kill someone to do it.
John --
Everybody runs.
You can't run --
I'm not getting halo'd.
John.  Please.  Listen to me --
John.  Just tell me, who's Leo Crow?
You know I can't do that.  You can't do that...  Lamar, I need you to talk to Wally, see if Witwer's gone inside the temple again.  Then ask Jad for any off hour EYEdents into the analytical room --
We're years from that.  John, I'm asking you: please, come in, we'll shut down the system until we get this thing figured out.
Can you fake the cerebral output?
How could Witwer have accessed the case file?
I can't.  They're following me right now.  They'll meet me there. They'll halo me.
Then come to my house.  We'll talk --
I'm out of breath!  I'm a fucking fugitive!
All right, John, just take a breath, let's think about this...
I have no idea.  I've never heard of him.  But I'm supposed to kill him in less than thirty-six hours.
And who the hell is that?
Somebody named Leo Crow.
Stop.  Just wait.  Who's the victim?
This is all Witwer.  He's setting me up.
Justice already knows.  Talk to me, John.  Tell me what's happening?
Just so you know, I've overridden the vehicle locator.  I just wanted to talk to you before Justice --
No?  How's an old man and a cop on the whiff ever going to stop them?
We won't let them.
You understand, John, that the minute Precrime goes national, they're going to take it away from us.
I'm fine, Lamar.
What if Danny Witwer came to you right now and insisted on a full chem run?
In the middle of the night?
I go running down there.
I hear you've been spending a lot of time in the sprawl.
I'm fine.
She's worried about you.  And, quite frankly, so am I.
What?
Lara called me.
He's not.  He's looking for a flaw in us, John.
If he's looking for a flaw in the system --
So give him a tour.  He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions.
Danny Witwer is scheduled for a tour of Containment tomorrow --
I'm saying the third prevision wasn't there.  And that's not all. I spent a few hours down there and it turns out there's a dozen more cases with missing previsions.
And you say the third prevision was, what, a little fuzzy or something?
Tuck in your shirt.
I understand.  What's the other thing?
You can let him look around, answer his questions, but watch him.  If there's any problems, make sure we know about it first.
Yes, sir.
I need you to do two things for me. One, watch Danny Witwer.
I understand.  Sir.
You understand that a week from now people are going to vote on whether or not what we've been doing down here has been some noble-minded enterprise or a chance to change the way this country fights crime.
Don't apologize, John.
Lamar, I'm sorry.  I don't know what --
And this is exactly the kind of behavior that will give them an excuse to do it.
Hang on, Lamar --
Has the observer from Justice shown up yet?
Uh-huh...
Which makes this the worst possible time to show that we're only human.
The nation votes this week...
Don't worry, Lamar.
Tell me not to worry, John.
You don't have to chase me, Fletcher.
You don't have to do this, Chief.
Everybody runs.
Don't run, Chief.  You know we'll catch you.  You trained us.
I show a cop on horseback.
Victims are pronounced here. Killers here.  We never touch anything.
The brick has been repointed, the glass is original with new glazing bars.  I show composite mouldings with dentils.  Someone took care in the renovation.  Let's find the architect...
What he's doing now, we call "scrubbing the image", looking for clues as to where the murder's going to happen.
Get him some coffee and tell him to wait outside.
Uh, sir...
All I need, some twink from the Fed poking around right now.  Check again with the paper, they had it forwarded.  See if the neighbors know where they went, check all relations --
I wrote it down in your calendar, then left a message at your house --
You're kidding, that's today?
Chief, the investigator from the Fed is here.
Armor up -- sick-sticks and concussion guns -- this is gonna be close.
Seventeen minutes.
Take your time.
Sure, Chief.  I think I'll grab one for myself while I'm at it...
Uh, yeah, you mind getting me a piece of that cake they're eating down there?  I'm starving.
Still scrubbing... looks like there's a third party, somebody wearing shades just out the window...
Any ID on the shooter yet?
Confirm with trig and image.
That was easy.
I show time of occurrence, Friday at fifteen-zero-six hours.
Check NCIC, maybe he's got a record.  Then send a protection team as soon as we lock the location.
I've got no address -- last known or otherwise -- no tax returns for the last five years.
Start a location run and a contact search for future victim Leo Crow.  And, Jad, I'll need a Last Known Sheet when you get it.
The victim's name is Leo Crow.
Amazing there's someone within two hundred miles actually dumb enough to still do that.
Nope.  Somebody's thinking about this one.
Red Ball?
We're in motion on something.
Jad.  How come you're not out there with Father Witwer?
Go back to work.  All of you.
Sir?
Uh-huh.  Jad?
Come on, Chief, you think about it, the way we work -- changing destiny and all -- we're more like clergy than cops.
You guys are nodding your heads like you actually know what the hell he's talking about.
Did Marks close the front door?!
What?
Did he close the front door?
Go ahead.
Now look at him...
Yeah?  So?
Look at the kid.  In this one, he's on the left of the man in the suit.
Georgetown.
The mall?
No maglev system.
Somewhere near the capital?
From solar position, Trig & Image confirms it at approximately eight oh-four a.m.
Send a DCPD blue & white out there, set up a perimeter and tell 'em we're en route.  What's our confirmed time?
Got him in the Foxhall.  4421 Gainsborough.
Run the subscription list...
We can't grab it...
Case #1108, previsualized by the Precogs and recorded on holoshpere by Precrime's q-stacks.  My fellow witnesses for case #1108 are Dr. Katherine James and Chief Justice Frank Pollard.
We need confirmation on the time frame.  Location still uncertain. Remote witnesses are hooked in...
Red Ball -- double homicide: one male, one female.  Killer's male, white, 40's.
Okay, Jad, what's coming?
Possession alone will cost you six months, not to mention your badge.
You gonna tell on me?
It seems I've found a flaw, John  You.
I'll write the paranoia off to the whiff you been doping on all night.
You set me up...
I agree.  The system is perfect. If there's a flaw, it's human.  It always is.  Thank you for the tour, Wally.
There hasn't been a murder in six years.  There's nothing wrong with the system.  It's perfect.
Flaws.
Why don't you cut the cute act, Danny, and tell me exactly what it is you're looking for?
At least now you -- and I -- have the chance to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen to anyone ever again.
I don't know.  He was shot and killed when I was fourteen on the steps of his church in Bethesda.
What does he think of your chosen line of work?
Sorry.  Old habit.  I spent three years at Fuller Seminary before I became a cop.  My father was a minister.  Lutheran.
The oracle isn't where the power is anyway.  The power's always been with the priests.  Even if they had to invent the oracle.
Just a nickname.
But you call this room the "temple".
The precogs are pattern recognition filters, nothing more.
I find it interesting that some people have begun to deify the precogs.
I have a warrant in my pocket that says different.
There's no question.  You don't have any.
If it's a question of authority.
Maybe you didn't hear me.
So I'll be the first one to go in then?
We keep a strict separation so that no one can accuse us of tampering.
Really?  You've never been inside?
Cops aren't allowed inside the temple.
To them.
To Hineman?
Speaking of interfacing, I'd love to say hello.
It was Iris Hineman.  She developed the Precogs, designed the system and pioneered the interface.
Then why can't they see rapes, or assaults... or suicides?
The Precogs don't see what you intend to do, only what you will do.
You ever get any false positives? Someone intends to kill his boss or his wife, but they never go through with it.  How do the precogs tell the difference?
The fact that you prevented it from happening doesn't change the fact that it was going to happen.
But it didn't fall.  You caught it.
Yes.
You're certain?
Because it was going to fall.
Why did you catch that?
Yes, it is.
But it's not the future if you stop it.  Isn't that a fundamental paradox?
You mind if I tag along?
They did.  Make yourself comfortable.  We'll be back in an hour.
As I recall, they outlawed compression firearms in the District ten years ago.
Your secretaries were all kind enough to give me a look around the office...
I'm sorry Danny, but I'll have to give you the full tour later on.
Okay.  Fine.  Where the hell is that?
Just go to the beginning!
There's no way of knowing for sure. She could've forgotten whatever it is you're looking for...
Are these all of her previsions?
Oh... Hi, John.
I like you, Wally, so I'm not gonna kick you, or hit you with anything, but only if you promise to help me...
Do I know you?  Who are you?
Wally, listen to me...
She said...
To you?  I don't think so...  What'd she say?
She spoke to me.
It could have been a nightmare... Sometimes they dream about the old murders.
She was looking right at me.
She grabbed you?  Impossible.  The Precogs aren't even aware of us. In the milk all they see is the future.
Nothing... she grabbed me, and then there was an image on the screen...
Her pituitary dumped a week's worth into her system... What did you do to her?
It helps if you don't think of them as human.
They're not in any pain.  We keep their heads pretty well stocked with dopamine and endorphins. Plus, we maintain careful control over their serotonin levels -- don't want 'em to drift off to sleep, but they can't be kept too awake either.
Wally.  This is Danny Witwer.  He's from Justice and we're to give him a full run of the farm.
I can't touch you!  And John, you can't be in here!  You'll confuse them!
Uh, I'll try...
Rufus, play it back...
I guess that's all of it.
What happened?  Where's the rest?
Tell me how.
Stop --
Then take her to Radio Shack.
They don't belong to anybody.
I tell you what.  I do this, I get to keep whatever images I get from her head.
So now I need you to hack into her.
So?
C'mon, Rufus, you've been busted twice for felony hacking.
No.  No way.  I wouldn't even know where to begin!  Those thoughts about my cousin Elena -- they were just thoughts. I would never --
She's got information inside of her.  I need you to get it out.
I'm sorry for whatever I'm gonna do!  And I swear, I didn't do any of the stuff I did!
Rufus, for Christ's sake, get up.
Are you reading my mind right now?
That's right.
She's a precog?
Rufus.  She's a precog.
I'm impressed, Anderton.  You're on the lam, but you still got the time and energy to slice off a little jerky for yourself.
Well, hello there, honey-pie.
I need help with her.
Well, hey, you didn't have to come all the way down here.  For you, Chief, I make housecalls...
I need your help.
Detective.  Nice of you to come down here.  Seeing as every cop in the world is looking for you right now.  Jesus, what's up with your eye?
Hold your breath, Dad...
Sean, wait...
I'm your son.  I'm you.
Who are you?
Good-bye, Dad...
I wanted to.
I know that.  I know you would have done anything to find me.  I know you would have died for me.
I was looking for you...
The more you want to believe something, the easier it is to be fooled.
I forgive you...
Once I even told him I loved him.
I forgive you.
I feel bad about that.  I need you to forgive me.
Sean --
The funny thing is, I started to believe he really was my Dad.
Oh, Sean --
No.  He got tired of pretending.
You're alive?
I lived for a year with a man who was pretending to be my father.  He took me all over the world.
What the hell.
Wanna hear something funny?
It's a little late for that.
You gotta have faith, Dad.
Sean -- you're not real.
All right, I'll try...
Come on!
Are you kidding?  There's absolutely positively no way, on my best day, I could ever beat twelve seconds!
Okay... now let me time you.
I love you, too!  I love you daddy.  Love ya, dad.
Four.  Wow.  What a big boy.  I love you, Sean.
What a big boy.  How old are you?
I won!
That's great.
I scored a goal!
Good-bye, Crow.
You're not gonna kill me...
Let go of the gun.
Tell me!
Kill me!
Who made you do this?
If I tell you, my family gets nothing.
Tell me, who was it, set this up?
Fake.  He gave it to me.  Now --  -- shoot me, Goddammit, before I lose my nerve!
What about the picture --
What the fuck is going on?
I don't know -- I never saw his face.  All I know is, the next day I was out, so the guy must've had juice somewhere.  Look, man, you gotta go through with this.
I'm asking you again, who made you do this?
Look, believe me, I know it's hard, but you gotta do it --
Crow.  I'm not gonna kill you.
Look, I've put my family through enough misery.  You gotta kill me! This way I can leave 'em something.
Who said I would?
You're supposed to kill me.  He said you would.
If you don't kill me, my family gets nothing!
The precogs were wrong.
But you have to.  They said you would.
No.
You're not gonna kill me?
NO!
It floated back up.  I had to take him out and --
I put him in a barrel and sunk him in the bay.
Where've you got him?  Is he all right?  Tell me, you fuck -- WHERE IS HE?!
He's alive?
... and that I needed his help.  It wasn't so bad really.  I sang him a song, made him laugh, bought him a pretzel.  I took care of him.  I made him happy.
His name was Sean.  Six years ago. Francis pool.
Some -- somebody's father?
Do you know who I am?
Did I?  I don't recall... I got lots of kids from that place --
Six years ago.  Baltimore.  You grabbed a kid at Francis public pool in the West End.
The female.
Which one is that?
It's always in the more gifted of the three.
How do I even know which one has it?
Sometimes in order to see the light, you have to risk the dark.
I'll get EYEscanned a dozen times before I get within ten miles of Precrime.  They'll pick me up...
You're insane or you think I am.
Actually, I think you'll have to run out, but yes, that's what you have to do.
-- and then walk out.
If... you have one.
That's all, huh?  Just walk right into Precrime, go into the Temple, somehow tap into the Precogs, and then download this Minority Report...
Inside the Precog who predicted it.  All you have to do is download it.
Where?
The safest place of all.
What safe place is that?
I said the record is destroyed. The original report exists for all time.  I designed the system so that whenever a report occurred, it would be stored in a safe place -- but not declared.
You said they're destroyed.
You shouldn't.  You shouldn't trust anyone... certainly not the Attorney General who wants it all for himself.  Not the young federal agent who wants your job.  Not even the old man who just wants to hang onto what he's created.  Don't trust anyone.  Just find the Minority Report.
Why should I trust you?
Hold that thought.
I'm not gonna kill anybody.
But you will bring it down if you kill Leo Crow.  Why, that will be the most spectacular public display of how Precrime... didn't work.
You want to bring it down.
Do you?  Really?
I believe in that system...
The system would collapse.
Insignificant to you maybe, but what about those people I put away with alternate futures?  My God, if the country knew there was a chance they might not --
Yes, of course, he knew, but at the time, he felt -- we both felt their existence was... an insignificant variable.
Answer my question.  Did Lamar Burgess know about the Minority Report?
I used to joke with Lamar that we were the mother and father of Precrime.  Well, in my experience, parents often see their children as they want them to be, not as they are.
Does Burgess know about this? About the Minority Report?
I'm saying that every so often those accused of a precrime might, just might, have an alternate future.
You're saying that I've halo'd innocent people?
Obviously, for Precrime to function, there can't be any suggestion of fallibility.  After all, what good is a Justice system that instills doubt?  It may be reasonable, but it's still doubt.
Why?
Because these Minority Reports are destroyed the instant they occur.
Jesus Christ -- why didn't I know about this?
Most of the time, all three Precognitives will see an event in the same way.  But once in a while, one of them will see things differently than the other two.
What?
I can't help you.  No one can.  The Precogs are never wrong.
So you won't help me?
How can you avoid a man you've never met?
Not if I stay away from him.
And, yet, a chain of events has started.  A chain that will lead inexorably to his death.
I'm not a murderer.  I've never even met the man I'm supposed to kill.
So many of them... despite what we did for them.  Or maybe because of what we did to them.  It doesn't matter.  It's a perfect system now, isn't it?
You say some of the children died?
Back then, he was still a DA, and quite a few parents of my patients had passed through his courtroom. You have to understand, these people were the dregs of society. But once they saw their children... he decided he would do whatever he could for them.  He's that way, you know, paternal about certain things.  Precrime.  The precogs. You.
And how did Lamar become involved?
It began as play.  A guessing game like you play with any toddler, except these children always guessed right.  And then the nightmares started. They were all different, but all the same.  They were all about murder.  And the murders were all happening.
You think the three in the tank come from a test tube?  They're merely the ones who survived.
You're talking about the precogs...
The innocents we now use to stop the guilty.
Heal who?
I'm not.  I was trying to heal them, not turn them into... something else.
You don't seem all that proud.
If the unintended consequences of a series of genetic mistakes and science gone haywire can be called invention, then yes, I invented precrime.
What's so funny?
And how would I know that?
You can tell me how someone... could fake a prevision.
Just what is it you think I can do for you?
I'm... not... a... killer.
You have three minutes to tell me what you're doing here before I feed you to a few of my more predacious plants.
The vine -- the Baneberry that scratched you during your illegal climb over my wall...
The what?
Yes, I'm afraid that would be from the Doll's Eye.
I'm a little dizzy...
Something wrong?
Lara, I don't know why this is happening.  I just know they're setting me up.  I can't trust anybody.  I don't know who to talk to or where to go...  Lara?  Are you there?
Then how did he --
Nothing.  I didn't kill him.
Oh, God, what did you do?
He's dead, Lara.
John?
Anne Lively... But I never said she drowned.
All right.  Tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was?
Lamar --
But I also know why he married you: you're as stubborn as he is.
No.  I don't think you do.  The other day, when he came to the cottage, he talked about a lot of things, but Danny Witwer, the man he was supposed to have just killed?  He didn't mention him.  He didn't say his name even once.
I understand.
No.  That's what everyone thinks.  John shot a man dead in Baltimore six months before.
Sean --
Lamar, do you know the reason why John came here to work with you?
He also said Crow was a fake.
We know why John was tagged.
John said something about him being set up because he "found out about her."
I don't know who that is.
Anne Lively.  John was talking about her right before they took him.
Who?
I was, but this whole incident with John made me realize the fragility of what we've built here.  This is John's legacy as much as mine and I want to protect that.
I thought you were retiring?
It's insanity around here.
You look great.
I haven't worn this damn thing in years.  I just wanted to make sure it fits before tonight.
No, it isn't, Lamar.  There was nothing anyone could do.
This is all my fault.
Thank you.  This is Burgess.
You have an emergency call on your private line.
I padded your expense account for the last six months.
How did you get this?
My God...
Congratulations, sir.
I'll be right there.
Sir, the press conference is starting.
Not.  Now.
He just wanted a few minutes before --
Tell him not now.
The guy from USA Today is here.
Nothing.  No footsteps coming up the stairs.  No hovercraft out the window.  No clickity click of little spyders.  No one crashing through that door.  And do you know why I don't hear any of those things, Danny?  Because right now, the Precogs can't see.
What?
Shhh.  You know what I hear?
Of course, it would have to be someone with access to the Prevision in the first place, someone fairly high up --
Yes.
So there is a way to fool the system?
We teach the tech's to identify them and disregard...
Precog Deja Vu...
Yes... It's called an echo.  The act of murder is such a violent disturbance in the future continuum that it sometimes repeats to the Precogs.
By fooling the system.  All someone would have to do is wait for Precrime to stop the murder from taking place, then, a few minutes later, commit the crime in exactly the same way.
How?
I'm thinking someone got away with murder.
Danny, tell me what you're thinking.
I did find it.  It was inside of Agatha all this time.  So the question is, why would someone want this erased from the data file?
I know.  He came to me, told me about the missing data stream.  He was concerned that you might find it.
According to the Sentry, Anderton was watching this at Containment right before he was tagged.
This murder is happening at two different times.
I don't understand --
Now the second image.  Watch the water.  The wind's changed.  The ripples are going the other way.
Not quite.
It's the same prevision.
Yes.  This is from the twins, Arthur and Dashiel.  Agatha's stream was missing.  Now this one is from the cyberparlor.  Anderton downloaded it directly from Agatha. Watch...
He told me about this.  You got this from Containment?
Wait, just a second...
Good God.  What was that?
Where are you?
I don't wanna say over the phone, but I think we may be chasing the wrong man.
What?
Lamar, I found something.
I don't want John Anderton hurt.
Shall we call the Attorney General? I'm sure he'd be happy to clarify the issue for you.
He's my subordinate!
Oh, it's all my damn business now, Lamar.  Investigation of a supervising office for a capital crime falls under federal jurisdiction... so as to rule out any possibility of conspiracy.  He's my suspect.
None of your damn business.
Six years ago.  What did you two talk about yesterday afternoon?
The man lost a child, for Christ's sake...
Why are you protecting him?  You knew he was doping, yet you did nothing about it.
The Mets.  John doesn't think they've got a deep enough pitching roster this year, and I'm inclined to agree.
He came to see you yesterday. Right before he got tagged.  What did you talk about?
Get the hell outta here.  You sick bastard.
No, I wanna kill my boss!
Uh, yeah, being concert master of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra is one of our most popular choices...
Good.  What I can do is set you up down in the --
Right here.
Uh-huh.  Okay.  You got some images I can work with?
I wanna kill my boss.
Near Death's real popular right now, which includes everything from getting hit by a car, to falling off a high building to plane crashes.  It's a big rush, you come out the other side without a heart attack.
None.  This was arranged.
How many?
I worked homicide before I went federal.  This is what we would've called an "orgy of evidence".  Do you know how many orgies I had as a homicide copy, Gordon?
Treasury... Then this would be your first actual murder scene.
I was a Treasury Agent for eight years.  Why?
What kind of cop were you before this?
They could have been put away. Anderton could have found them.
If you were a child killer, you took these pictures, would you leave them out on the bed for anyone to find?
I don't know, why?
There a maid in this hotel?
No.  He can't...
He can't download her without a lot of technical help.
He's trying to prove his innocence.
She's in the room with him when he kills Crow.  She's already a part of his future.
We can stop him.
It doesn't matter.  He wins.
Two?
There are two others in the room besides Anderton and Crow.
Because he thinks he's innocent.
No offense, sir, but why wouldn't he just run?
Anderton's smart enough to go where electronic billboards and other media can't ID him to pick his pocket.  There's fewer consumers down there, which means fewer scanners to target him.
They're everywhere.
There's thousands of units like this one.
Here's where we're at.  Three men in a room.  The victims here. Anderton here, and this unidentified male out the window. The exterior of the adjacent building suggests public housing, but I can't make out the location. Government architecture is modern/conformist which means --
Yes, I know.
Sir, the team's gonna be light without those men.
What?!
Actually, Gordon, you're not gonna do that.  I'm taking control of the team.
Don't worry.  I'll bring him in unharmed.
Somehow, I don't think that was Walt Whitman.
Because of the nature of murder.  "There's nothing more destructive to the metaphysical fabric that binds us than the untimely murder of one human being by another".
I'm sure you've all grasped the legalistic drawback to precrime methodology.
The information we need is embedded in the grain of wood.  And since each piece is unique, the shape and grain is impossible to duplicate.
People have gotten the message.  Gum?
Crime of passion.  No premeditation.  They show up late. Most of our scrambles are flash events like this one.  We rarely see anything with premeditation anymore.
That's the Red Ball Alarm.
Can't they shut that off?
Not after the vote next week.  Once the Amendment passes, we go national, there's gonna be nowhere to run.
So if you wanna kill someone, you take him to Miami.
Nice to meet you.  Gum?
This is Evanna, the team pilot.
You "friend's" a murderer and he ruined our perfect record.  Six years, not one damn murder...
John Anderton was my friend!
Cause all of a sudden you got no one you can fucking brown nose anymore.
Why don't I feel like celebrating?
Knott!
People, if you don't let the spyder scan you, we'll have to come in and arrest you.
It's not at all that you don't trust me to be alone with the Chief.  That you think I might, you know, fuck with him, if I had the chance...
I think you're swell company, Knott.
That's why you asked to partner with me on this little sortie, isn't it?
I forgot my glasses.
Howard --
Sure.  Raincheck.
Raincheck?
Ah.  That must be why you look so nice.
I'd love to, but I've got an open house today at the Ressler place.
We could have lunch together.
I'll reschedule.  I've been working too much anyway.
What about your meeting?
How can you even tell?  You know how blind you are without your glasses.
The man across the street.  I've seen him before...
Who?
He looks familiar.
But I've seen the three hundred hours of your image he's got stored away.
I haven't seen him in two years.
To prevent a murder.  Sooner or later, he's going to contact you.
To what?  Trap him?
You know I need to use you.
I left him because every time I looked at him, I saw my son.  Every time I got close to him, I smelled my little boy.  That's why I left him.  And now you can leave.
Lamar Burgess thinks that you left John because he lost himself in Precrime instead of you.
Not very well, I'm sure.  I'd probably start doping myself.  Or maybe I'd...
He shot a hole in the damn ceiling. So what?  You lose your son, let's see how well you handle it.
He took out his gun and sat down to watch his home movies.  This is all in your statement, Lara...
The FBI found something that belonged to my son.  A sandal... Anyway, John was upset. He... he...
What was it then?
It wasn't a suicide attempt.  I regret ever saying that.
You said in your divorce papers that he tried to kill himself.
Yes.
But John was with him at the pool?
It was nobody's fault.
You mean after he lost your son.
Since right after we lost our son.
Have you been there recently?
That was our apartment.
So you haven't seen his apartment?
No, but then I don't talk to John that much anymore.
You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow?
No.
Thank you.  He hasn't tried to contact you?
I don't have any sugar either.
He's not here now, is he?
We used to, every summer.
Just sugar then.  You and John ever come here?
I don't have any cream.  Sorry.
Cream and sugar.
Thanks.  You take anything in your coffee?
I like it.
Yes.
This your work?
I know who you are.
My name is Danny Witwer.  I'm --
Jesus...
Maybe if he'd taken one of the males.  But the female, she's the key.  She's the one they listen to, the one with the most talent.  The one who takes care of the other two.
Are you telling me they can't see murders anymore?
You don't understand... they're a hive mind.  It takes all three for their predictive abilities to work.
Wally, the other two can still function, right?
But there's still the other two.
What do you think?  So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it.
What does he want with a precog?
They've never been separated before.
Tell me how all this works.
Shhh!  They're sleeping.
Nice to meet you, Wally.
