Listen. You people go grab a table. I'll be back inna minute. I'll be right back.
You wanna have a drink before we start dancing?
What?
Hey, Herbie...
All right, I'm having a fair time. It's just that I get one Saturday night off in three weeks, and I wanted to wind up with something tonight.
Millie's been after me to fix her up with a date, so I...
You told me that she was a little tall, but that she wasn't bad looking at all.
I told you she wasn't attractive...
She's all right, Andy. It's just that I get one Saturday night off every three weeks, and I was expecting something better, that's all.
I told you she wasn't especially attractive, but that she had a good deal of charm, and she's really a real nice girl...
I looked all over for you last night, you know that?
Waddaya getting so sore about?
Brush her. Listen, you wanna come with me tonight, or you wanna go with this dog?
I told this dog I was gonna call her today about two-thirty.
She musta kept you inna shadows all night.
I didn't think she was so bad-looking.
Boy, she musta been some talker. She musta been about fifty years old.
We just talked.
Boy, you really musta made out good last night.
I don't feel like going, Angie. I thought I'd take this girl to a movie.
Marty, let's go downna Seventy-Second Street area tonight.
You got me mad, that's why. Hey, Joe, show Marty that picture.
Listen, Angie, I wanna tell you, you were very impolite last night. I introduced you to the girl, you just turned and walked off. Now, why did you do that?
Are you kidding?
I was gonna call that girl from last night. Take her to a movie tonight.
Who you gonna call?
Oh, I couldn't eat nothing. My mother just stuffed me right up to the jaws.
We gotta whole pot inna kitchen. We give you a plate-a your own.
Where you going?
All right, I'll see you!
Angie, by the time I get Clara home, it's gonna be one, one-thirty. By the time I get home, it's gonna be two o'clock. I gotta get up for ten o'clock mass tomorrow.
It's Saturday night! There's still plenty-a action around!
It must be one o'clock.
It's early.
What for?
You want me to ride down with you?
I'm gonna take Clara home. It's close to one.
Waddaya gonna do now?
I been looking all over for you!
I looked for you, Angie, before I cut out, but I couldn't find you.
Where you been, for Pete sakes?! I been looking all over for you.
I think this number is a little fast. Wait a minute.
Well, waddaya say, you wanna ask them? I'll take the one inna green dress.
Yeah, she looks all right from here.
Down there. That little one there.
Where?
There's a nice-looking little short one for you right now.
There was one nice-looking one there inna black dress and beads, but she's dancing now.
Not a bad crowd tonight, you know?
I don't know. What do you feel like doing?
So what do you feel like doing tonight?
My mother, boy, she drives me crazy.
My old lady, every word outta her mouth, when you gonna get married?
Angie, I'm thirty-four years old. I been looking for a girl every Saturday night of my life. I'm tired of looking. Everybody's always telling me to get married. Get married. Get married. Don't you think I wanna get married? I wanna get married. They drive me crazy. Now, I don't wanna wreck your Saturday night for you, Angie. You wanna go somewhere, you go ahead. I don't wanna go.
Boy, you're getting to be a real drag, you know that?
You call her up for yourself, Angie. I don't feel like calling her up.
I'll call her up.
Yeah, sure.
I could see she likes you.
What makes you say that?
Well, we're back to that, huh? I say to you, "What do you feel like doing tonight?" And you say to me, "I don't know, what do you feel like doing?" And then we wind up sitting around your house with a coupla cansa beer, watching Sid Caesar on television. Well, I tell you what I feel like doing. I feel like calling up this Mary Feeney. She likes you.
I don't know. What do you feel like doing?
Well, what do you feel like doing tonight?
I didn't like her, Angie. I don't feel like calling her up.
Well, let's call her up. What can we lose?
She probably got a date by now, Angie.
We took them home alla way out in Brooklyn. Her name was Mary Feeney. What do you say? You think I oughta give her a ring? I'll take the skinny one.
Oh, yeah.
That big girl that was sitting in front of us with the skinny friend.
Which one was that?
Well, we oughta do something. It's Saturday night. I don't wanna go bowling like last Saturday. How about calling up that big girl we picked up inna movies about a month ago in the RKO Chester?
I don't know, Ang'. Wadda you feel like doing?
So waddaya feel like doing tonight?
She wasn't so bad.
Angie. He says she was a real scrawny- looking thing.
Who told you that?
He was here last night till about two o'clock. I hear you really got stuck with a dog last night.
Hello, Lou, Angie come in yet?
Come on over about half past seven, we'll think of something.  Hello, Ma, what's the matter?
Marty, your mother wants you onna phone.
Catherine, you are a blanket of gloom. Wherever you are, the rain follows. Someday, you gonna smile, and we gonna declare a holiday.
You will see. A coupla months, you gonna be an old lady, sleeping onna couch in her daughter-in-law's house.
I don't sell this house, I tell you that. This is my husband's house. I had six children in this house.
Well, that's all. You will see. Today, tomorrow, inna week, he's gonna say to you, "Hey, Ma, it's no good being a single man. I'm tired-a running around." Then he's gonna say, "Hey, Ma, wadda we need this old house? Why don't we sell this old house, move into a nicer parta town? A nice little apartment?"
That's the first time Marty ever brought a girl to this house. She seems like a nice girl. I think he has a feeling for this girl. You heard him sing. He been singing like that all morning.
They're the worst. College girls are one step from the streets. They smoke like men inna saloon. My son Joseph, his wife, you know, she types onna typewriter. One step from the streets, I tell you. Mrs. Pilletti ponders this philosophy for a moment.
Oh sure.  This girl is a college graduate.
Were the lights on?
Well, what Marty you think is gonna be here in this house with a girl?
Your son Marty?
Marty.
Who?
Hey, I come home from your house last night, Marty was here with a girl.
Catherine, my sister...
These are the worst years. I tell you. It's gonna happen to you. I'm afraida look inna mirror. I'm afraid I'm gonna see an old lady with white hair, like the old ladies inna park, little bundles inna black shawl, waiting for the coffin. I'm fifty- six years old. What am I to do with myself? I have strength in my hands. I wanna cook. I wanna clean. I wanna make dinner for my children. Am I an old dog to lie in fronta the fire til my eyes close? These are the terrible years, Theresa! Terrible years!
Catherine, you are very dear to me. We have cried many times together. When my husband died, I would have gone insane if it were not for you. I ask you to come to my house, because I can make you happy. Please come to my house.
I know it pains.
It pains that they should do this.
Oh, Catherine, please! Don't make a tragedy. You come to my house where you know you be happier yourself.
So I am an old garbage bag, put inna street.
Catherine, don't make an opera outta this. The three-a you anna baby live in three skinny rooms. You are an old goat, and she has an Italian temper. She is a good girl, but you drive her crazy. Catherine, you are no fool. You know this is no good, an old woman living with a husband and wife. Two women inna same kitchen, anna house burns down.
My son Thomas came to see you this afternoon, and he said to you he wants to cast his mother from his house?
You know what they say. They say things are no good in this house. Catherine, your son is married. Leave him in peace. He wantsa be alone with his wife. They don't want no old lady sitting inna balcony. Now I tell you what I think. I want you come live with me in my house with Marty and me. In my house, you have your own room. You don't have to sleep onna couch inna living room like here. We will cook inna kitchen and talk like when we were girls. You are dear to me, and you are dear to Marty. We are pleased for you to come.
What they say?
This afternoon, about four, five o'clock.
When was this?
Your son Thomas and his wife Virginia...
Who?
You son Thomas and Virginia, they come to my house this afternoon...
Ah?
Catherine, I want you come live in my house with Marty and me.
I keep one eye open when I sleep, because she's gonna come in, stab me in my bed.
Ufa!
She gave me the evil eye.
What happen?
She's a witch, that one. I tell you what happen yesterday?
You told me.
Did I tell you she threw the bottle- a milk at me?
Well, it ain't your baby.
That's my son Thomas's baby.
It's her baby too, you know.
I wake up this morning, I hear the baby crying. So I wake up. I come in their room. That girl is shaking her hand atta baby. I said, "You brute! Don't you strike that baby! That's my son's baby!"
Well, I always like to visit you, Catherine, because you always got such cheerful news.
You know the old man upstairs in this house. Old Irishman, always drunk. He got pleurisy. He was inna hospital two weeks. He died yesterday.
Who?
Well, he died. You know who else died?
I don't think I remember him.
Do you remember Emilio DiGiorgio, owned the tavern in Abruzzi?
Oh.
That's nice. I gotta letter from my husband's cousin in Abruzzi. His mother died.
We gotta postcard from my son Nickie and his bride. They're inna big hotel in Florida on their honeymoon. Everything is very nice.
That's nice.
I feel fine.
I gotta pains in my shoulder too. I have a pain in my hip, and my right arm aches so much I can't sleep. It's a curse to be old. How you feel?
I been getting a pain in my shoulder.
I gotta pain in my left side, and my leg throbs like a drum.
I came to see you. How you feel?
Hey! What are you doing here?
Okay.
Okay, so I'll see you tomorrow night then.
Okay.
So I'll call you tomorrow.
We just live one flight up.
You got an elevator in this house?
How do you do?
What happened, Angie, was that we thought we were just gonna go for a short walk, and then we thought we were gonna come right back, but we got to talking. Listen, Angie, I want you to meet Clara...  Clara, this is my best friend, Angie. I told you about him.
Nothing.
Waddaya doing New Year's Eve?
All right.
We better get started to your house, because the buses only run about one an hour now.
I'll wait for your call.
The reason I can't be definite about it now is my Aunt Catherine is probably coming over tomorrow, and I may have to help out.
I'd like that very much.
I'll call you up tomorrow morning. Maybe, we'll go see a movie.
Nothing.
Waddaya doing tomorrow night?
Marty...
Please...
No...
Please...
No...
I just wanna kiss, that's all.
Marty...
I like you. I like you. I been telling you all night, I like you...
No, Marty, please...
Maybe that would be a good idea.
You want me to take you home, I'll take you home.
Oh, I'm fine.
So I was telling you, my kid brother Nickie got married last Sunday. That was a very nice affair. And they had this statue of some woman, and they had whiskey spouting outta her mouth. I never saw anything so grand in my life.  And watta meal. I'm a butcher, so I know a good hunka steak when I see one. That was choice filet, right off the toppa the chuck. A buck eighty a pound. Of course, if you wanna cheaper cut, get rib steak. That gotta lotta waste on it, but it comes to about a buck and a quarter a pound, if it's trimmed. Listen, Clara, make yourself comfortable. You're all tense.
Sure. Just take off your coat a minute.
No, thank you. I don't think I should stay very long.
Siddown, take off your coat. You want something to eat? We gotta whole half-chicken in the icebox.
Come on inna dining room.
Yes, I know.
This is the kitchen.
What're you talking about? You're a real likeable person. You'll make friends out there in Portchester one, two, three. You'll have people visiting you alla time. I'll come visit you. I'll borrow my brother Freddie's car, or you can call me up when you feel blue, or I'll call you up. And it's gonna be nice. Don't be so afraid.
Actually, I don't make friends easily.
Oh, you won't be so lonely. You'll make friends right away.
I'm afraid of being lonely.
I think you're kidding yourself, Clara. I used to think about moving out, you know? And that's what I used to say. "My mother needs me." But when you really get down to it, that ain't it at all. Actually, you need your father. You know what I mean? You're living at home, and you got your father and mother there, and you can go on like that -- being a little girl all your life.
Well, that's what I was saying. My father is getting old. And we're very close. He's a wonderful man, really...
Why don't you just move out to Portchester?
...It's really a fine opportunity for me. But I'm not sure I want to be a department head. It's mostly executive and administrative work. Well, anyway, I told you about my father, and he depends on me a great deal, and...
I really should get home, I told my father... Well, I suppose a little while longer. I wonder if there's any place around here I could put some makeup on...
It's only a quarter of twelve. The clock's right over there.
I really should get home...
I only got about three bucks on me now, but I just live about eight blocks from here on the other side of Webster Avenue. Why don't we walk back to my house? I'll run in, pick up some dough, and let's step out somewhere.
I think anything you want to do, you'll do well.
Wadda you think?
That's true. I do. But I'm gonna have to take outta loan inna bank eight thousand dollars. That's a big note to carry, because I have to give Mr. Gazzara a mortgage, and what I have to weigh is: will it pay off in the end more than I can make onna salary?
It's my feeling that you really want to buy this shop, Marty.
Well, the point is Mr. Gazzara wantsa sell his shop now, because he and his wife are lonely, and they wanna move out to California in Los Angeles and live near their married daughter. Because she's always writing them to come out there. So it's a nice little shop. I handle his books for him, so I know he has a thirty-five percent markup which is not unreasonable, and he takes home net maybe a hundred, hundred and fifty bucks a week. The point is, of course, you gotta worry about the supermarkets. There's two inna neighborhood now, and there's an A&P coming in, at least that's the rumor. Of course, mosta his trade is strictly Italian, but the younger Italian girls, they get married, and they don't stick to the old Italian dishes so much. I mean, you gotta take that into account too.
I don't.
Well, I wouldn't call it an elegant profession. It's in a lower social scale. People look down on butchers.
There's nothing wrong with being a butcher.
So then Mr. Gazzara -- he was a frienda my father -- he offered me this job in his butcher shop, and everybody pleaded with me to take it. So that's what happened. I didn't wanna be a butcher.
Yes, I know.
I'm a Catholic, you know, and even to think about suicide is a terrible sin.
Yes, I know.
...When I got outta the army, Clara, I was lost. I didn't know what I wanted to do. I was twenny-five years old, what was I gonna do, go back to my old job, forty cents an hour. I thought maybe I go to college under the G.I. Biller Rights, you know? But I wouldn't graduate till I was twenny-eight, twenny-nine years old, even if I made it in three years. And my brother Freddie wanted to get married, and I had three unmarried sisters -- in an Italian home, that's a terrible thing. And my kid brother Nickie, he's a one got married last week. So I just went to pieces. I used to walk inna streets till three, four o'clock inna mornings. My mother used to be so worried about me. My uncle Mario come over one time. He offered me a job driving his hack onna night shift. He got his own cab, you know. And God forgive me for what I'm gonna say now, but I used to thinka doing away with myself. I used to stand sometimes in the subway, and God forgive me what I'm going to say, I used to feel the tracks sucking me down under the wheels.
Thank you.
You gotta real nice face, you know? It's really a nice face.
Benjamin Franklin, where's that? Brooklyn? I went to Theodore Roosevelt right up here on Fordham Road. It's right arounna corner from my house. I have a cousin who's a teacher. He teaches Latin. He lives in Chicago. He was studying to be a Jesuit, but he gave it up after his first vows.
Benjamin Franklin High School.
...you teach chemistry? That's funny. Where? What school?
I'm thirty-four.
I'm twenty-nine years old. How old are you?
I don't know either. I think I'm a very nice guy. I also think I'm a pretty smart guy in my own way.
You're a very nice guy, and I don't know why some girl hasn't grabbed you off long ago.
So there you are. So I guess I'm not such a dog as I think I am.
I'm having a very good time, too.
Oh, I cry all the time, any little thing. My brothers, my brother-in- laws, they're always telling me what a goodhearted guy I am. Well, you don't get goodhearted by accident. You get kicked around long enough, you get to be a real professor of pain. I know exactly how you feel. And I also want you to know I'm having a very good time with you now and really enjoying myself. So you see, you're not such a dog as you think you are.
This is something recent with me, this bursting into tears at the least thing.
I cry a lot too. I'm a big cryer.
Well, the last time I was up here, that's where I sat. I sat there for an hour and a half, without moving a muscle. Now and then, some fellow would sort of walk up to me and then change his mind. I'll never forget just sitting there for an hour and a half with my hands in my lap. Then I began to cry, and I had to get up and go home.
Yeah.
I was up here twice before. Once with a friend of mine and once I came up alone. The last time... do you see that girl in the gray dress sitting over there?
You come up here often?
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Mrs. Pilletti.
Sure.
It was very nice meeting you, Mrs. Pilletti. I hope I'll see you again.
It's silly of me to argue about it. I don't know the people involved.
Well, maybe that's what they teach you in New York University. In real life, it don't work out that way. You wait till you are a mother.
I don't think a mother should depend so much upon her children for her rewards in life.
Where do you think a mother-in-law should go?
Well, I don't know the people, of course, but as a rule, I don't think a mother-in-law should live with a young couple.
You don't think my sister Catherine should live in her daughter-in-law's house?
You mustn't feel too harshly against her daughter-in-law. She also wants to have a house to clean and a family to cook for.
Hobby! What can she do? She cooks and she cleans. You gotta have a house to clean. You gotta have children to cook for. These are the terrible years for a woman, the terrible years.
Couldn't she find some sort of hobby to fill out her time?
It's a very sad business, I tell you. A woman, fifty-six years old, all her life, she had her own home. Now she's just an old lady, sleeping on her daughter-in-law's couch. It's a curse to be a mother, I tell you. Your children grow up and then what is left for you to do? What is a mother's life but her children? It is a very cruel thing when your son has no place for you in his home.
No, thank you, really, Mrs. Pilletti.
Well, siddown a minute. I just come inna house. I'll take off my coat. Siddown a minute.
No, Mrs. Pilletti. We were just going home. Thank you very much anyway.
Siddown, siddown. You want some chicken? We got some chicken in the ice box.
You can't just walk off onna girl like that.
No, I'm not kidding.
Are you kidding?
I'll take you over, and I'll introduce you as an old army buddy of mine, and then I'll cut out. Because I got this other girl waiting for me out by the hatcheck, and I'll pay you five bucks.
What?
Well, I'll tell you. I got stuck on a blind date with a dog, and I just met an old girl I used to know, and I was wondering how I'm gonna get rid of the girl I'm with. Somebody to take her home, you know what I mean? I'd be glad to pay you five bucks if you take her home for me.
I'm stag.
Yeah. I was just asking you if you was here stag or with a girl.
You say something?
I'll see you.
I'll see you around.
I'm just gonna get my cigarettes. I left them in my coat.
Where you going now?
I'm just here with another girl.
I came up to dance, wadda you think? You here with somebody?
Herbie! Wadda you doing here?!
Oh, that's a sad story.
That's the one.
Oh, that's a sad story. And her husband is that little fellow, works in Peter Reeves.
Oh, no! She died right in the hospital...
Oh, that's nice. So the doctor was wrong, wasn't he?
Well, I bumped into her on the street, and she was as big as a barrel.
And that husband of hers is a skinny bit of a fellow, isn't he?
Well, at the time she told me this, she already had six. Every time I saw the woman, she was either...
She was always a bit thin in the hips...
About eight o'clock.
What time is it?
I never thoughta that.
That means he'd have to marry the girl when she was one year old.
I always figure a guy oughta marry a girl who's twenny years younger than he is so that when he's forty, his wife is a real nice-looking doll.
Boy, that Mickey Spillane, he sure can write.
What I like about Mickey Spillane is he knows how to handle women. In one book, he picks up a tomato who gets hit with a car, and she throws a pass at him. And then he meets two beautiful twins, and they throw passes at him. And then he meets some beautiful society leader, and she throws a pass at him, and...
Boy, that Mickey Spillane, boy he can write.
...so the whole book winds up, Mike Hammer, he's inna room there with this doll. So he says, "You rat, you are the murderer." So she begins to con him, you know? She tells him how she loves him. And then Bam! He shoots her in the stomach. So she's laying there, gasping for breath, and she says, "How could you do that?" And he says, "It was easy."
What girl, what does she know?  Why don't you let her hold the baby once in a while?! Your mother, boy, she wantsa take the kid for a day, that's fine!
Sure. This girl said...
Marty, see that my mother is nice and comfortable, eh?
Well, I understand the problem about the supermarkets, but I was talking to this girl last night, and she made the point that a likeable personality is a valuable business asset.
Who buys Italian meat anymore? You think my wife buys Italian meat?  She goes to the A&P, picks up some lamb chops wrapped in cellophane, opens up a canna peas, and that's dinner, boy.
Well, you see, Thomas I figure the big problem is the supermarkets. But Patsy's shop, that's a specialized trade. The supermarkets don't carry Italian meat.
Wadda you wanna buy a shop for, will you tell me? You gotta good job, you got no wife, you got no responsibilities. Boy, I wish I was you, boy. Waddaya wanna tie yourself down with a shop? What's he want? Five thousand down? You're gonna have to carry a mortgage sixty, seventy bucks a month. A mortgage anna note from the bank. For Pete's sake, you're a single man with no responsibilities. Stay that way, boy. Take my advice.
No, I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
Waddaya talking about, do you know what you're talking about?
Tommy, gimme a coupla minutes, because I promised Mr. Gazzara I'd let him know tomorrow. See, what I wanna know, Tom, if a buncha individual retail merchants get together, how does it operate? On individual mark- ups? You know what I mean? Say I'm the butcher and Aldo Capelli, he's the dairyman and grocer, so suppose I mark up thirty-five percent, but he works on forty, so...
Sure, great if you ain't married.
Boy, beautiful day, hey, Thomas?
No, listen, that's my mother, I'm gonna pay for her...
Don't worry about it.
Sure. Thanks a lot about my mother. We'll work out some arrangement, because naturally I want to pay...
All right, I'll see you, Thomas, because he wants an answer by Monday.
You're the accountant inna family, and I figure you might know about these things. My boss wantsa sell his shop to me. His kids are all married, you know, and he and his wife live alone, and they wanna move out to California where his daughter lives, so he wantsa sell his shop. He wants five thousand dollars down, although I think I can knock him downa four...
Sure, what?
Tommy, before you go, I wonder if you gimme a little advice.
I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked out. I think I'll just hang arounna house and watch...
So what are you gonna do tonight, Marty?
Well, let's not get inna fight about it, Ma.
I don't know! She don't look like Italian to me. Plenny a nice Italian girls around.
What didn't you like about her?
Don't bring her to the house no more.
You don't like her. You only met her for two minutes.
I don't like her.
She didn't look Italian to me.
What are you talking about? She's a nice girl.
I don't know. I don't think so.
I said, is she Italian girl?
She looks thirty-five, forty. She didn't look Italian to me.
What, Ma?
She's more than twenty-nine years old, Marty. That's what she tells you.
She's twenty-nine, Ma.
She looks a little old for you. About thirty-five, forty years old?
I heard you, Ma.
That was a nice girl last night, Marty.  She wasn't a very good-looking girl, but she looks like a nice girl.  I said, she wasn't a very good-looking girl... not very pretty...
Sure.
Hello, Ma, waddaya say, it's getting a little late.
Sure.
All right, Ma. I'll be back in about an hour, an hour anna half.
Sure.
Ma, I'm gonna take her home now. It's getting late, and the buses only run about one an hour.
I offered her, Ma, she don't want nothing.
Did you offer the young lady some fruit?
Might as well siddown a minute, Clara.
Oh, sure.  Siddown, siddown. Marty, tell her siddown.
Oh, she's coming, eh, Ma?
Oh, it's a sad business.  My sister, Catherine, she don't get along with her daughter-in-law, so she's gonna come live with us.
How'd you come home, Ma? Thomas give you a ride?
We just got here about fifteen minutes ago. Ma, I want you to meet Miss Clara Snyder. She's graduate of New York University. She teaches chemistry in Benjamin Franklin High School.
Hello, Marty, when you come home?
Ma! Leave me alone!
Marty...
I'm ugly... I'm ugly! I'm UGLY!
You not ugly.
Blue suit, gray suit, I'm still a fat man. A fat ugly man.
Put on your blue suit...
So I'll die without a son.
You gonna die without a son.
Ma, I'm gonna stay home and watch Jackie Gleason.
Marty...
Sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he gotta face some facts, and one fact I gotta face is that whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it. I chased enough girls in my life. I went to enough dances. I got hurt enough. I don't wanna get hurt no more. I just called a girl just now, and I got a real brush-off, boy. I figured I was past the point of being hurt, but that hurt. Some stupid woman who I didn't even wanna call up. She gave me the brush. I don't wanna go to the Stardust Ballroom because all that ever happened to me there was girls made me feel like I was a bug. I got feelings, you know. I had enough pain. No, thank you.
You gonna get married.
Ma, when are you gonna give up? You gotta bachelor on your hands. I ain't never gonna get married.
Marty, I don't want you hang arounna house tonight. I want you to go take a shave and go out and dance.
Oh, Thomas. Ma, it's just a big dance hall, and that's all it is. I been there a hundred times. Loaded with tomatoes. Boy, you're funny, Ma.
Thomas. He told me it was a very nice place.
Ha! Who told you about the Stardust Ballroom?
Tomatoes.
It's loaded with what?
I say, why don't you go to the Stardust Ballroom? It's loaded with tomatoes.
What?
I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked out. I may just hang arounna house.
So what are you gonna do tonight, Marty?
Sure! Sure! It's gonna be nice! It's gonna be nice! I'll come over tonight to your house, and I talk with Catherine, and you see, everything is gonna work out all right.
Oh, we got plenny-a room here.
You gotta good heart.
Sure, Ma, it's okay with me.
Marty, Thomas and Virginia are here. They had another fight with your Aunt Catherine. So they ask me, would it be all right if Catherine come to live with us. So I said, all right with me, but we have to ask you. Marty, she's a lonely old lady. Nobody wants her. Everybody's throwing her outta their house...
Hello, Ma.
I'm coming home right now, Ma. I'll be home in about two minutes. Tell Thomas stick around, I wanna see him about something.
Hello, Marty, when you coming home? Where you now? Because your cousin Thomas and his wife Virginia, they're here. They had another fight with your Aunt Catherine... I don't know...
Oh man, you shoulda come with us last night, Marty. That one for you was a real lunatic. How'd you make out?
Hello, Ralph. How'd you make out with those nurses last night, Ralph?
This is a good deal here, Marty.
I can't do that, Ralph, because somebody already brushed her off once tonight.
Get ridda her. This is money inna bank.
I'm with a girl, Ralph.
Hiya.
Hey, Louise, I want you to meet Marty Pilletti. Marty, that's Louise Kelly, inna back seat there.
Waddaya mean, Ralph?
Hey, Marty, come over here a minute.
Hello, Ralph.
You still owe me ten bucks from last week, if that's what you're working up to.
The nurses Leo and me picked up last night. We got a date with them tonight.
What nurses?
So, Marty, let me tell you about these nurses...
Waddaya read there, Joe?
So, Marty, lemme tell you about these nurses, Marty...
Hey, Lou, gimme two bottles-a beer...
...I been talking about two nurses Leo and me picked up in a bar on Seventy-First Street.
Hiya, Ralph...
I look over at this one nexta me, not bad, about thirty-five -- Hiya, Marty...
You want a beer, Ang'?
...and they sit down right next to me...
Hey, Ang'...
So these two girls come over to the bar...
You should be ashamed of yourself.
That's swell, Missus Fusari.
My son Frank, he was married when he was nineteen years old. Watsa matter with you?
Missus Fusari, Missus Canduso over there, she's inna big hurry, and...
When you gonna get married, Marty? You should be ashamed of yourself. All your brothers and sisters, they all younger than you, they married and they got children. I just saw your mother inna fruit shop, and she says to me, "Hey, you know a nice girl for my boy Marty?" Watsa matter with you? That's no way. Now you get married.
Well...
No, that's my sister Margaret's husband, Frank. My sister Margaret, she's married to the insurance salesman, and my sister Rose, she married a contractor. They moved to Detroit last year. And my other sister Frances, she got married about two and a half years ago in Saint John's Church on Kingsbridge Avenue. Oh, that was a big affair. Well, let's see now, that'll be about a dollar- seventy-nine. How's that with you?
I thought he was a big tall fat fellow. Didn't I meet him here one time? Big tall, fat fellow, he tried to sell me life insurance?
No, that's my other brother, Freddie. My other brother Freddie, he's been married four years already. He lives down on Webb Avenue. The one who got married Sunday, that was my little brother, Nickie.
That's the big tall one, the fellow with the moustache.
That's right, Missus Fusari. It was a very nice affair.
Your kid brother got married last Sunday, eh, Marty?
Ah, my mother, she drives me crazy. I hadda beg her to let me drive her over here. The martyr. She always gotta be the big martyr.
Hello, Thomas, how do you feel?
Hello, Aunt Theresa.
Hey, why don't you go to the movie? Your mother and me, we're gonna be baby-sitter.
Ma, you want something to eat, some tuna fish?
Don't worry. I'm gonna take care-a the whole thing.
Aunt Theresa, we figure the best way to ask her is you say that you're very lonely, see? And wouldn't she come and keep you company, because that way, you see...
I just this minute got the baby to sleep.
Hello, Thomas.
Hello, Aunt Theresa.
Siddown, Thomas, siddown.
I just wanna thank you people again, because the situation was just becoming impossible.
Oh, Marty, thanks a lot. That really takes a load offa my mind.
He says okay, it's all right Catherine comes here.
Right.
The Stardust Ballroom. It's loaded with tomatoes.
Well, there's the Stardust Ballroom. That's a kind of a big dance hall. Every Saturday night, it's just loaded with girls. It's a nice place to go. You pay seventy-seven cents. It used to be seventy-seven cents. It must be about a buck and half now. And you go in and you ask some girl to dance. That's how I met Virginia. Nice, respectable place to meet girls. You tell Marty, Aunt Theresa, you tell him, "Go to the Stardust Ballroom. It's loaded with tomatoes."
Well, I don't know. He sits arounna house alla time. You know a place he can go where he can find a bride?
Oh, he'll get married, don't worry, Aunt Theresa.
You just sit here, I gotta turn the fire on under the cooking. 
Sure.
We gotta ask Marty, of course.
That's very nice-a you, Aunt Theresa.
She's right. She's right. Young husband and wife, they should have their own home. And my sister Catherine, she's my sister, but I gotta admit, she's an old goat. And plenty-a times in my life, I feel like throwing the milk bottle at her myself. And I tell you now, as far as I'm concerned, if Catherine wantsa come live here with me and Marty, it's all right with me.
All right, Ginnie, don't get so excited.
Sure, sure.
Listen, let's go downa Kaplans' apartment. They told us to come down.
I think it be a better idea if you and Thomas go out, because otherwise she's gonna start a fight with you, and everybody's gonna be yelling.
We didn't tell her anything yet. We thought that we'd leave it to you. We thought you'd put it like how you were lonely, and why don't she come to live with you. Because that way it looks like she's doing you a favor, insteada we're throwing her out, and it won't be so cruel on her. Do you want Tommy and me to stay here with you?
I'm gonna see you tonight...
On accounta...
That's all right, that's all right...
I'm sorry we gotta rush like this...
I just can't stand it any more! Every minute of the day! Do this! Do that! I don't have ten minutes privacy with my husband! We can't even have a fight! We don't have no privacy! Everybody's miserable in our house!
No, Virginia, I know how you feel.
Because I called up Tommy's brother Joe, and I said, "Joe, she's driving me crazy. Why don't you take her for a couple of years?" And he said, "Oh no!" I know I sound like a terrible woman...
Well...
Aunt Theresa, you got this big house here. I mean, you got this big house just for you and Marty. And I thought maybe Tommy's mother could come here and live with you and Marty.
Sure.
Well, I don't know what you want me to do, Virginia. If you want me, I'll go talk to her tonight.
So she say, "You're spilling the milk." So she kept talking about these coupla drops of milk I spilled, so she got me so mad, so I said, "Mama, you wanna see me really spill some milk?" So I took the bottle, and I threw it against the door. I didn't throw it at her. That's just something she made up. She goes around telling everybody I threw the bottla milk at her. I didn't throw it anywheres near her. Well, I was sorry right away, you know, but she ran outta the house.
She was here, you know, Wednesday, and I said, "Catherine, my sister..."
So what happened, Aunt Theresa, about the milk bottle was my mother-in- law, she comes inna kitchen, Aunt Theresa, and she begins poking her head over my shoulder here and poking her head over my shoulder there, so then she begins telling me how I waste money and how I can't cook, and how I'm raising my baby all wrong, so she got me so nervous, I spilled some milk I was making for the baby...
He coming home right now.
She don't wanna use my pots and pans!
...You hadda be the boss inna kitchen alla time!
I told her she could use the kitchen any time she wanted...
Once a month you couldn't let her use the kitchen!
Waddaya talking about?!!
What about the time she wanted to make an old-fashioned Italian dinner for my brother, but you wouldn't let her!?
Oh shaddup, will you do me a favor?
Wadda you so sore about?
I don't wanna hear anymore about it, you hear me?
Tommy...
Virginia, I don't wanna hear no more about it!
Why do you always put me inna position of being the louse?
I know what you're gonna say. A man's gotta stop being his mother's baby sooner or later. How many times you gonna say it? She's my mother, you know. I oughta have some feelings about her, don't you think?
I don't wanna talk about it!
Tommy...
All right, Ginnie. I don't wanna talk anymore about it.  I don't think I got one hour's sleep the whole night.  Last night was the first time in my life I ever heard my mother cry, you know that?
Don't you think I feel lousy about this too?
I'll see you at mass tomorrow. We'll sit down and we'll discuss the whole thing.
Tommy!
Tommy, I promised the babysitter six o'clock.
Marty, I don't know how to tell you how much I appreciate what you and your mother are doing, because the kinda thing was happening in our house was Virginia was in the kitchen making some milk for the baby. So my mother comes in...
How's Marty been lately, Aunt Theresa?
That's very nice-a you, Aunt Theresa.
We want you to do a very big favor for us, Aunt Theresa.
Okay.
Lemme tell it, Tommy.
Well, I'll tell you, Aunt Theresa...
