Didn't recognize you, Red. When you get the clamp all the way down, open it as wide as you can and see if you can close it on the artery.
What do I do with it Hawk? This is a little out of my line.
He'll live if that's what you mean. But somebody better be around when he comes to and finds out there's nothing left between his legs.
Nice looking kid. Going to be okay?
Just use common sense. Your job is preventing sin, and the way to do that is give him your best Cross Action.
I believe it takes both. I'd have to look it up.
What is, Red, the intention or the act?
I don't think I can give absolution to a man who's about to commit suicide. It's a mortal sin.
Put in one of your fixes. Walt knows he's loused himself with the Church, but it's part of our plan to make him think he has the keys to the kingdom. Which he will think if you grease the skids for him.
What do you want me to do?
He's parted his moorings.
You talked to Walt?
How they goin', Losing Preacher? What do you hear from the Pope?
Well, sure, but I'm also worried about Walt Waldowski – Painless. His poker players got in an argument and asked him for a ruling, and he said what difference did it make, it was just a card game.
We wanted to tell you how you were helping us with your fixes.
I don't care about the intention. I just know your Cross Action is a plus on our side. I've seen it come through four times.
There's sort of a built-in prayer for the sick man to get well, but of course that's not the basic intention.
Sure, you just blindfold him first and tie him to a stake.
Stop him! Stop that man!
Hey, that's great, Henry! Good thinking!
Well...  I was going to name you Chief Surgeon...  To consult on both shifts, yours and Frank's.
What are you going to do with him?
You fixing to add overtime to a twelve- hour day? The union ain't gonna like it.
You boys'll have to go to work early.
How you, Radar?
Yes, O'Reilly?
I have been in this Army a long time. I know just what you guys are up to. But there are limits...
Yeah, maybe move that nurse in. She don't seem the type to keep you awake praying.
Just one for a start.
I may need you to go to work practically immediately. But meanwhile perhaps you'd like to meet some of your fellow officers.
They've hit us on Cherry Hill. I just got word. We have our slack periods but when the action starts, you'll have more work in twelve hours than a civilian surgeon does in a week.
Never this close.
Good. You've both been working close to the front.
They give you copies to burn.
You're welcome to one of these, whatever they are.
Reckon so, but we been boozing all day and you work up an appetite.
Don't you know the first thing you're supposed to do at a new post is present yourself to the commanding officer with your orders?
Y'all were short a couple cutters and we're what the Army sent.
Four goddam months. And they don't even give you time off for good behavior.
Y'all mind the store.
Hell, no, all you did was knock the wind out of him. But he won't be playing any more football today.
You really think we hurt him that bad?
Well, he's taken care of. Scratch one hot dog.
Or her figger.
It certainly isn't Henry's fault Hot Lips Houlihan doesn't like her name.
There's only one way.
Okay, I'm a witness, but how do you prove who's right?
I've always had a hankering for blonde pussy myself. My wife's hair is a wonderful golden yellow, and this time of year it gets even lighter.
She had this shiny black hair piled up on her head, but later on she let it hang loose and I'll be damned if it didn't come all the way down to her ass.
Not enough to be a pro.
I don't know what else. You've been that route a little, haven't you?
Epidural hematoma?
Look at that right eye.
Pulse, slow, very little pressure.
He said it for us all, Walt.
Miss you, Walt.
Pour one for Painless.
How you, Walt? We was just fixing to have a nightcap.
Where you think you are, boy? They probably never seen a olive in this country.
Don't you use olives?
No.  Or why you should.
Is there any reason why we shouldn't know the name of it?
Back home.
Which hospital?
Hospital.
Where?
That's right.
I mean, what were you doing? Were you a resident or on a staff someplace?
Home.
Now I got you for a witness, I'm going to try again. So far all I dragged out of him is he's from Bahston and he's only been in the Army two months.  Where were you when they drafted you?
No, Ho-Jon, we're not going to open you up.
You – must – open – me – up – again?
That's okay. Live a little, learn a little.
I don't think I should have opened my big mouth. Sorry, Ho-Jon.
Good, because we got a fine old American custom we want to teach you. You know what these are?
I have great interest for America, his peoples and his custom.
Hey, you been sneaking some reading outside the frigging Bible!
Because is not democrash? All peoples created equal?
...No cases over the age of temptation but deliver us eight. from evil. For Thine is the kingdom, the power and...
Us. Lead us not into...
You make a mean martini, kid.
So long, Ho-Jon.
Same general idea.
Wisconsin.
The door, Frank, the door! Where you from anyhow, Alaska?
I don't believe it's right for you to involve a boy who's not seventeen years old yet...
I don't drink intoxicants.
But first will you please kindly shut the goddam door?
Where's he gonna use that kind of talk? 'The valley of the shadow of death.' Wait a minute, Ho-Jon...  I got something for you.
This is Ho-Jon, my houseboy. Our houseboy. I'm teaching him English.
What the hell's going on here?
Thou. For Thou art with me.  Welcome, welcome, welcome!
Perfectionist.
There might be another tiny piece we missed. I want to look around before we close up.
What's there to do? You found the sliver.
You mind if we get out of this guy's brain first?
And get ourselves another touchdown to win.  I wish to hell we knew what they were plotting.
We got to stop them right here.
When he sees a little running room, he likes to make a show... you know, stutter steps and cross-overs and all that jazz. Also he never learned to button up when he gets hit, so if you two can get a good shot at him once, you can hurt him.
What?
Like the Spearchucker said, that's possible. Anyway, it's been an interesting association.
Let's hear from you, you goddam Yankee. Be nice to see you some time.
Plus running the opium concession for the whole Eighth Army.
Hell, man, that don't matter. We're loaded. We were big wheels in the black market in Seoul.
Screw it. We been earning our keep as respectable knife artists. Why should we do work any pill-rolling punk could handle?
But no short-arm inspection. I'm with you there.
We got to start rehabilitating, Duke, if we want to be halfway human by the time we get back to our wives.
I thought we were heading for trouble putting on all these trinkets.
I looked. Suspicious bastards got them all locked up.
We could steal one of the choppers.
There's no transportation anyway this time of night.
Be right with you.
Any time. Whenever we want.
When?
Henry's got our orders! We're going home!
Same here. You can retire my number.
Me, too. Y'all just seen me play my last game.
Yeah, if I can.
Don't try to get it far down. Kick it up high so we can get there and surround that son-ofa-bitch.
I don't think I could hurt one of them with a sledgehammer.
Look at the size of those two beasts.
Don't tell me about your problems, boy. Explain them to Ho-Jon.
Now wait a minute, Hawkeye. I come a long way, learning to put up with a couple of crazy Yankees, but...
I worked with Spearchucker my first month over here, at the 72nd Evac in Taegu. Most of the colored guys know who he is but they're not talking because he asked them not to.
How come nobody knows about him? And you do?
The nigra boy with the Philadelphia Eagles?
Sure you have, only as 'Spearchucker' Jones.
Never heard of him.
All three of us played for our schools. And there are at least four other guys...
Where the hell we going to get us a football team?
You got yourself a bet, Georgia boy.  You're a witness.
I not only say it, I'll back it up twenty buck's worth.
How can you say a thing like that about an officer in the United States Army?
You know damn well I nearly puke when I look at her. I don't even think she's a real blonde.
I guess that's why you go for Hot Lips Houlihan.
An application to Androscoggin College.
What's he got to write, for God's sake?
When will he be able to write?
A native is someone who is born in a particular place.
Never mind. Forget it.
Good thinking, Duke. How about it, Ho-Jon? Can you round up a few of the boys?
Hail to the chief! We-all got a responsibility, men. He's crowned like a king ought to be, but he can't just walk to the Mess Hall by himself. He has to be carried by native bearers.
This time he did it to a kid who's simple enough to believe him. Why don't you dump the mother, Henry? He creates more work than he gets done.
That there Frank Burns is a menace. Whenever a patient croaks on him it's either God's will or somebody else's fault.
Get out the scotch, Ho-Jon.  Don't mention the sex thing unless he brings it up.
Y'all just act natural.
What do you think, Trapper?
Not without lots of praying and kissing the dice.  It's a different ritual but it works the same.
And you've had a natural four times in a row in a crap game. Right? Does that mean...?
Call Dago Red.
This kid looks like a loser. Maybe we better get the bead-jiggler to put in a fix.
Way we hear it, the Pride is supposed to have run up the highest lifetime batting average ever recorded in Wayne County.
Best equipped dentist in the whole goddam Army. Care to have a look, a man with your background?
Nice guy, for an enamel surgeon.
You met him. Walt Waldowski, the Dental Officer.
Must be Painlees Pole Day in the Shower Tent.
We didn't have a chance, little Androscoggin College against the Big Green, but there was this blizzard and we held then nothing nothing till the last twenty seconds. Then this great passer of theirs let one go, snow and all...
Sixteen times.
Jesus to Jesus and eight hands around! Duke, did I ever tell you how I beat Dartmouth by intercepting a pass?
And it's the ninth inning.
This outfit needs somebody who can find his way around the pulmonary anatomy when the bases are loaded.
Yeah, that's right.  You better get us a chest-cutter before there's trouble.
The chest-cutter.
What's that?
Except we forgot one other small thing.
No, Hawkeye just said it all.
We sure don't aim to cause any trouble... Yeah, she seems to grow on you.
We've stuck it out for a whole week now... Pretty girl.
We been had.
Christ Almighty, I think he means it!
So we got to cut him fast. I figure from the X-ray it ain't just the spleen. We also got to snatch his right kidney.
He can't take much more time on the table.
Now that's what I call real pretty. We can close up here and go into his belly.
Nothing can't wait. Shall we check it out with the Major?
This kid's ready but we won't know all the damage till we get in and see what's happened. What have you got?
And gets the wind every time it opens. No, thanks. I'll take that one.
Well, southern boy, I suppose you want the sack that's convenient to the door.
Little light reading matter. Just right for his age.
That's right, pal. You just sit up front and sign the mail, and leave the cutting to us.
Colonel Blake, have no fear. Hawkeye and Duke are here.
Finest kind. We'll sit where we can get the best view.
What do you think of that piece of scenery, Yankee boy?
The spot we picked to spend the winter. Maybe we ought to look a little harder.
Well, there it is. Jesus!
I done my shopping in Seoul last night.
Must be the Famous Curb Service Whore –  House. You in the market Duke?
Shore Patrol, Duke. Let's go!
What's the initials 'MP' stand for, Hawkeye?
We got to head them off, right at the start. Push them around first.
C.O. is Colonel Blake. Lieutenant Colonel Henry Braymore Blake. One of them regular army clowns. Push you around so it's hard to get any decent work done.
Pretty near. What do you know about the outfit we're going to?
Damn! That must be about as far north as you can get.
Crabapple Cove. Maine.
Where you from with that crazy way of talking?
Tax-free booze. It's about all you can say for army life.
Georgia, where I come from, it's real if you make it yourself. But I been buying from the Yankee Government since they put me in this soldier suit and give me a rate.
Make it yourself, or is it real?
I got some.
Ayuh, only it's early, I need a drink to wake me up.
You got directions?
Duke Forrest.
My name's Hawkeye Pierce.
I can't... couldn't.
Wait a second...
Don't stop now! Please...
Frank...
And I'm grateful for you, Frank, especially with those boors around. We've grown very close in a short time.
Oh, I'm used to it. What makes me sore is how they behave towards you.  They ought to be grateful to have you.  I certainly am.
It's that disrespect for you, that's what I can't forgive them.
Godless buffoons, all of them.
Anyway, we want to get this letter off.
Well, sure, if you are, Margaret...
Ravenous. What about you?
It's supper time.  But you're not hungry are you?
We think the same way.
We're a good team.
I think it's a marvelous letter.
I don't mind. If we give them something to talk about.
People will talk.
I have a tent to myself.
No. The only thing to do is write General Hammond.  But it's hard to find a place around here for a private discussion.
There's no point appealing to Colonel Blake. They've got him bewitched.
Shut up or I'll tear you apart.
I was just asking...
...And for our Supreme Commander over here and our Commander-in-Chief in Washington.
Come clean with us, Frank. Were you on this religious kick back home, or did you start to crack up here on the post?
...And for our young men on the field of battle, that they may return home to their dear ones...
...trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against...
You ever caught this bread, and forgive our syndrome before, Duke?
Give us this day our daily...
Finest kind. We're training Ho-Jon to be a bartender. Join us?
Is that liquor?
Damn right. Three to one, as much as you want to put up.
You willing to b-back that up with odds?
The hell we won't! You bastards pulled something, I don't know what, but we've been beating you without him. Ane we'll go on beating you!
N-n-no thanks, G-General.
You mean Hot Lips? Screw her.
But what about Major Houlihan?
Special Services in Tokyo are all for it. They say it's one of the main gimmicks we have to keep the American way of life going here in Asia.
A football game?
If we had closer relations, there wouldn't be any misunderstandings. That's where a football game would help. Between your outfit and mine.
I'm sure we could find a date for your team. Why don't I take it up with Henry?  Thanks for the drink, boys.
Must be fun. But the point we want to make about Henry...
Now we're working out a schedule of the outfits we're going to play this year. We all chip into a pool and make bets.
I think I heard about that.
We had a team at the 325th Evac last fall. I coached the boys myself.
Well, it's still pretty much in the talk stage.
Neither does Henry Blake. But I'll tell you what makes him the best C.O. you've got in any of your hospitals. He leaves all the medical decisions to the men who do the day- to-day work and understand what meatball surgery is.
I'm impressed, Pierce. Naturally, the kind of job I have, I don't get much chance to keep up with what goes on in the OR.
And there it is.
So if it ain't staring us in the face, it's got to be retroperitoneal. And that, along with the look of the wounds, makes me figure he's got a hole in his sigmoid colon that we won't find unless we look for it.
Right.
Well, Dad, we haven't found any holes in the large bowel. They've all been in the small bowel, but the smell is different. I caught a whiff of large bowel, but it ain't staring us in the face, right?
Obviously you don't think so, and I don't know why.
Now, General, I'm going to sandbag you. Do you think we're ready to get out of this belly?
There's nothing to talk about, General. You take the case yourself or join me at three o'clock. Either way you're liable to learn something.
I want to talk to you, Pierce.
I'm going to play poker until three a.m. or until the patient is ready for surgery. However, if you'd like to operate on him yourself right now, be my guest. I get the same dough whether I work or not.
You betcher ass, General.
Pierce! That soldier requires immediate attention. I'm a surgeon and I know.
What?
You betcher ass, Dad.
At ease. Captain Pierce, you have a seriously wounded patient for whom you are responsible. Yet I find you in a poker game.
Gimme three.
All you have to do is ask.  The quarterback is saying they'll run the old Statue of Liberty. Their left end will come across and take the ball out of his hand and try to get around our left end.
Radar!
I found a doner.
I though you said we didn't have a drop.
A-negative. I've cross-matched it.
Also I'm curious whether she's a moaner or...
Hawkeye's asking the Major's opinion on a point of anatomy.
I only wanted to know what she's like in the sack. Do those big boobs hold up or are they kind of droopy?
Oh, I'm not sailing with you. I work out of the hospital here.
B-E-R-T, right. See you tomorrow.
C-A-M-E-M...?
Oh, certainly, Sergeant. My name is Captain George Limburger, and this is Captain Walter Camembert.
We need medical officers for short- arm inspection starting the first afternoon out.
What for?
Not necessarily.
But we'd have to break his leg or something to keep him out of the game for good.
He can move in here with us.
Might make kind of a social issue, not having any other Negro officer.
We'll cut him in on the bets we make. And still have enough profit to send Ho-Jon to college.
So what makes you think he'll play for us?
On account he got caught in the doctor draft. He was a surgical resident playing semi-pro ball weekends when the Eagles signed him.
He only lasted one season.
We can balance that by getting ourselves a ringer. Henry has to say he needs a neurosurgeon and put in a specific request for Dr. Oliver Harmon Jones.
But he's got five times the man-power to draw on.
They're coming.
It's five minutes into nurses' shower hour. Where are they?
Sure, that's the right way... at John Hopkins or someplace. But how do we know there won't be even more of a jam-up a few days from now? Maybe we won't be able to get to him when we want to. Maybe the goddam thing'll erode the artery when nobody's looking. Our best shot is now.
Be kind of rough on him if there's no blood. Why don't we close up and sit on him a couple of days?
We'll have to close this hole and make one on the other side.
What do we do?
It was in the cava and the hole sealed itself off. I must have jiggled it just enough to turn it loose. I can't feel it in the heart or the right pulmonary artery. So it's in the left pulmonary artery.
I don't get it.
I can't feel it now either. The mother must have gone in.
Oh, Jesus.
I don't feel anything.
If we don't get that pint, he's in trouble.
You aspirate the blood from the chest cavity. Damn, there's more of it than I thought.
Never mind the conversation. Do it, Dad.
We'll need room. The sixth rib goes.
Dartmouth's too big and too expensive. If he's as good as I think he is, he can move into the big league later. But Androscoggin first.
How about squeezing him through into Dartmouth? If all he wants to do is catch lobsters, he can learn that here.
If we squeeze him through, I'm going to get him into Androscoggin College.
Hiya, Ho-Jon. You got a piece of a shell in your chest, but we'll take it out as soon as you've had more blood. Hey, Radar!
Christ, it's Ho-Jon!
Yeah, and he's lost a lot of blood. I'm afraid it's hit more that just the lung.
It's in pretty deep.
Okay, but I'll need you to help. Duke, will you take that belly back there? The Australian?
For you, Trapper.
Radar!
Best thing you could do for all of us is grab some sack time.
Like the Rock of Gibraltar.
Is he out?
What's the age of consent in this country?
I don't know why. As long as it's light enough to see your caddie.
Come on, Trapper. We got to forget golf for today.
When you make up your mind, get in touch. The golf club is probably the best place to leave a message.
And if it isn't, why don't we call Washington on your telephone? You tell your story, we'll tell ours.
Please!  Face it, Colonel, you don't have us, we have you. Your boys blew this case, we bailed you out. We figure we ought to hang around a day to check the Congressman's kid, and we also figure to play some golf. So if that's okay with you, we got a deal.
Well, he wouldn't score more than once in seven or eight tries, but the important thing was he didn't waste time socializing. Anyway, Trapper John, this is Me Lay.
Your high school friend who went around saying 'Me lay, you lay?' to all the young females in the community. As I remember, you said it was quite a successful approach.
Did I ever tell you about Me Lay Marston?
Just like we thought, it's a routine problem. Nurse, who's in charge of operating room preparations?
Don't worry, son. That's Captain McIntyre, and he's the best chest surgeon in the Far East and maybe in the whole U.S. Army. He'll fix you up fine. Your daddy saw to that.
Beautiful. What do you think? Should we stop and play nine holes now and operate on the kid later? If he's still alive.
Look.
So let's haul ass, Sergeant.
But besides the operation, we've got to get in at least eighteen holes of golf.
But weren't you supposed to meet the surgeons who are going to slice up the Congressman's son?
Let me translate. I've had some exposure to the language. The young man is from Brooklyn and he wants us to vacate this vehicle.
'Course it isn't, but how many chances do we get to go to Japan? With our golf clubs.
I'm not so sure the goddam thing's in his heart.
As far as the greens maybe. I don't know if my putting would come back or not, without some practice.
I came within about ten yards of you. You know something, Trapper, the way we been going, if we ever got to see a real golf course again, I bet we could burn it up.
Oh, you want to play it straight?  I guess I owe you an apology.
No, no, that one.
Very well, Your Majesty.  Congratulations, Frank. He picked you.
And all the angels are built like Lieutenant Dish.
It's a bedroom where a man is always at his peak and doesn't have to take any time outs.
You want it straight? Medical history records no instance of anyone taking this particular prescription and surviving.
We stand behind all our work.
An eternal damnation.
Or you can let him knock himself out. You personally'd be sending him to his grave.
The Painless Pole plans to cross the Great Divide tonight and we need your help to straighten him out.
We're throwing him a Last Supper. We came to invite you.
The black capsule. Finest kind. Thank you, Dr. McIntyre.
Black capsule.
Ho-Jon, give the Father some more martini.
...But I turned in my knee pads.
Part of him. Painless is the owner and operator of the Pride of Hamtrack. That's where he comes from... Hamtrack, Michigan.
What are they peeking at? Captain Waldowski in the shower?
He's Trapper John! Only man in history who ever found fulfillment in the ladies' can of a Boston and Maine Railroad car! When the Conductor caught him in there with his Winter Carnival date, she screamed: 'He trapped me!' What have you been doing since those days, Trapper?
Lucky you didn't have your mouth open or it would have gone down your throat.
I like an olive.
That's the front up the road a few miles. We have to get by without some of the comforts of home.
If you don't know what you've seen, why should I?
I think I've seen this nut somewhere.  Haven't I?
No, thank you. I'm not the slightest bit interested.
Hey, Knocko, I got those pictures you promised to look at of my kids. You too, Wilma. It won't take a minute.  You can see them too, if you want.
Sister, if I knew the answer to that I sure as hell wouldn't be here.
I wonder how a degenerated person like you could have reached a position of responsibility in the Army Medical Corps.
Okay, Major, honey.  I'm going to have a couple shots scotch and go to bed. I'd normally ask you to join me but obviously you're a female version of the routine Regular Army clown. And that turns me off, so just leave my outfit alone and we'll get along fine.  See you around the campus.
That kind of familiarity is inconsistent with maximum efficiency in a military organization.
It's my name. Maybe that sounds silly to you but...
I've noticed that both nurses and enlisted men address you as 'Hawkeye.'
And his track record, that don't count? Look, honey, when you watch the two shifts try to notice which one does the most work with the least fuss.
On the contrary, I've observed he's not only a good technical surgeon, he's a good military surgeon. And that includes how a man dresses and how he bears himself and his sense of what it means to be an officer in the United States Army.
That don't surprise me. If you're a good observer, you must have observed by now that Frank Burns is a jerk.
Major Burns is far from satisfied.
That's right. We work well together.
All of them?
I'm glad you feel that way, Major, because you see it's a team effort... doctors, nurses, enlisted men... and I feel responsible for my whole team, and I want you to know I'm satisfied with them.
Captain, I've been observing the nurses on your shift. But naturally your own opinion is more informed than mine.
Honey, nobody as pretty as you could ever impose... please sit down. Coffee?
Captain Pierce, would I be imposing...?
Hang in there.
It's possible
See you.
We may be in trouble, I can't catch my breath. I've got the occupational disease of oversized ex-athletes.
What's the matter?
No, let's stick to that strategy till we see whether you boys can do two things. The first is get that halfback out of the game. He had one year with the Rams before the Army got him, but he didn't play too often because he's one of those hot dogs.
If you start the game instead of waiting, you mean?
I think we could still have a chance.
The bastards outconned us.
I'm thinking about how we can make more money.  Suppose we bet only part of our dough and keep this big animal out of the game the whole first half and let them roll up some points. Then you could bet the rest of our bundle between the halves and get the General and his friends to give us some real odds.
Well, for college players that have been out of training seven or eight years...
Listen, we look pretty lousy out there, right?
In fact I'd rather not try to influence you at all.  Let's just go in and take a look, and then you think it through for yourself.
I'd be crazy to think my virtue, such as it is, was more important than his life...
It's your decision, Maria. I don't want to high-pressure you.
I'm fond of Painless, and I'd feel terrible if anything happened to him...
What do you care? You'll be on your way to Japan.
You think he won't.
He should come to now for a while, but he's got so much dope in him by tomorrow he won't know fact from fantasy.
Precisely, Maria. Tonight you have the same privilege that comes on rare occasions to the chief executive of some state or nation... the privilege of restoring life, by one tender act of mercy, to a doomed fellow creature.
A man is going to die if he doesn't have my fair young body?
It happens to be a matter of life and death.
You're asking for somebody else?
I didn't mean with me.
Do you think anything between us could be impersonal? Or pure? You better forget logic, because you're proving why I shouldn't go to bed with you.
You should have been a marriage counselor.  But I'll show you what's wrong with your theory.
It could be a purely impersonal thing. What matters is the therapeutic value of relieving your tensions.
How would he avoid it... as if I needed to ask?
A man would be more considerate. He wouldn't come home to his wife a nervous wreck.
You're on his side all of the sudden?
Though I guess who it'll really be rough on is your husband.
Dear, sweet Hawkeye.
That's when the real strain starts. Three weeks on a troopship.  Poor baby.
In less than twelve hours I'll be on my way.
You're leaving tomorrow?
I couldn't have slept tonight anyhow.
Maria...
Even if I weren't.
But you've made me feel strong again, Captain. Hawkeye.  You helped me pull together when I needed it.
Then why not, as long as it wouldn't hurt anybody...?
It's terribly hard. Sometimes the temptation is just too much.
Of course not.
You'd think now, with only six weeks before they ship me back home, it would be easier. But it isn't.
Ayuh.
I don't make the distinction. But the sex urge is a powerful force. In women just as much as men.
It's a matter of definition. Faithful in spirit, yes.
And absolutely determined to be faithful to my husband. Do we have that in common, Captain?
Same here.
Very happily married.
Something else we have in common.
But I'm married.
You have a certain modest charm yourself.
You're an attractive man.
For a start. I just have a hunch... well, it isn't entirely a hunch...
Our minds?
They don't have to be dull. I mean if you and me put our minds together...
Oh, no. We have dull stretches every week or so, thank God, when there's nothing to do after midnight.
It isn't always this rough?
You're getting a workout, you and Captain Forrest, your first night.
'The Last of the Mohicans.' Only book my father ever read.
How did you get called that?
No trouble at all.  Hawkeye.
Thank you, Captain Pierce.  It's been so long.
There's nothing ridiculous about it.  A kid like you...
Isn't this ridiculous, Doctor? Six months I've been here and there are still times when I can't stand it. I just go to pieces.
Who is knowing? But the drug I have find in his urine is solving all mysteries. By tomorrow will be gone his fast heart and high blood pressure. So I think maybe you will like to tell him goodbye. Okay?
Why would he do that?
At first is no doubt. But then I am seeing on his paper he work in American hospital. And I think there are so many drugs in such a places, he could take some by mistake.
I'm sorry to hear that. You think he's unfit for military service?
I don't liking it at all, what I hear when I listen to the heart. And such a blood pressure for so young a boys. Is frightening.
Yes, I know. Hi, Ho-Jon. How did it go?
You please excuse...  I have been making examination of this young man to find if he will be soldier in our army.
Yeah!
You really say the cutest things.
I didn't have much choice.
It was really nice of you to take me along.
Duke...
Second pint.
Two-man job. How much blood has he had?
Glad to help.
Thanks.
They missed the boat.
Thanks, Reverend. Thank you both for tipping me off.  You don't know a Captain Forrest or a Captain Pierce, do you?
Be the longest short-arm inspection you ever held!
They're supposed to hold short-arm inspection.
What do you want with those two medical officers?
Yes, Reverend?
Excuse me, Sergeant.
Captain Camembert! Captain Camembert!
Let's get his clothes off quick.
He's coming to.
Every time we feed him, it either comes right back up or he coughs and turns blue and has a hell of a time.
What's wrong with him?
Well, one of the girls got careless and two days ago she gave birth to an eight-pound American-Japanese male.
What's the story?
I have but well, you know, I've been mainly an anesthetist a long time now and... well, I'd like you guys to take a look at him.
Why can't you look at him?
That's about the only thing I don't do – that I'm built for. I inspect the girls and take care of some of the kids in the hospital. Sometimes I tend bar and act as bouncer.
What do you do in the joint besides pimp?
I'm too busy, actually. Not for the Army, of course, but where I live. Dr. Yamachi's New Era Pediatric Hospital and Whorehouse. I'm serious. The guy has this crude hospital for kids and a whorehouse on the side to finance it, all in the same building.
You don't go after the local scrunch?
Proud to know you, Trapper. Like to shake your hand if you'll hurry up and get that chest closed.  You still working the trains?
The one and only.
The real Trapper John? The one who threw you the famous pass and went to greater glory on the Boston and Maine Railroad?
Save that crap for the rest of the clamdiggers back home.
He's the pro from Dover and I'm the Ghost of Smokey Joe.
Big day. Two jaws to rebuild.
Morning Painless. How they goin'?
I wonder, if Red's fix swings it for me, what's heaven really like?
Just about enough to say goodbye to everybody.  Line up over here, men, if you want to pay your last respects. Keep moving and file on out when you're through.
How much time do I have?
You guys got any black capsules?
In the direction you want to go.
Well, I'm sure my colleagues will agree there are a number of dependable measures for extinguishing the vital forces.
That's really what I came here for. See what you guys recommend.
No, one thing I finally know for sure, I'll never function with a woman again.
You don't have any problem. You've got thirty good years ahead of you, easy. Maybe you'll have to cut down as you grow older, get along with just two fiancees, but...
But it's all over now, and I can't face it. Imagine if you found out you were one, you wouldn't like breaking the news to your wife. Well, I got the same problem multiplied.
That's what you've been doing all these years with every dame you could lay your hands on? Repressing your real self?
Or in dreams either. I repressed it completely. Classic pattern of inhibition.
Just in dreams?
No, never in the slightest.
You've been drawn to other males? Since you were a kid?
Now I know that's been my problem since I was a kid. But it only caught up to me last night.
Homosexuality.
Painless, you mustn't talk that way. It's a lot of crap. Cover for what?
Don Juanism is just a cover... I've been reading up on it.  I'm a fake, I'm a fraud, I've been living a lie!
What did you have to test, for God's sake... the dental Don Juan of Detroit?
But I had this feeling I ought to make the effort. To test myself. And I flunked.
You noticed. I wasn't going to fool around over here. I've got these three girls I'm engaged to back home...
There's only one worth noticing.
There's this native broad works in the laundry. I don't know if you've noticed.
Tell me the whole story, Walt.
If a man isn't a man anymore, what's he got left to live for?
Poker sounds great. When do you play?
Glad to know you. Drop in at my clinic anytime you feel like playing a little poker, or even if a tooth is bothering you.
I – wouldn't – wish – it – on – a – maneating – shark.
Pain bad, Ho-Jon?
I don't think so either.
And if I go to New York, the natives there will carry me? I don't think so.
He's comin' this-a-way! The jaw- breaker!
There ought to be a law against dentists reading. Matter of fact, I thought there was. Anyway, this is an obsession. He can't be persuaded out of it.
Finest kind. Captain Forrests say you better haul ass home quick. We got new chest-cutter in our tent.
Hi, Ho-Jon. How they goin'?
Right, Ho-Jon. See you later.
Officer all sleep now, yes? And I go wash clothes.
That. It's out of the act.
I have not understood what you means.
You can cut the bow.
Good morning, Captain Pierce and Captain Forrest.
It's the only way we can make enough to put Ho-Jon through Androscoggin.
It's a nice idea. I mean it has style.
You got to relax, Henry. Since the deluge started, you been working in the OR and running the outfit, too.
Fifteenth straight day there've been six o'clock choppers. How long can a battle go on?
Now I'll have to wait at least a week. If I announced it tomorrow, after what our new Chief Nurse saw this afternoon, they'd hear her yelling from Seoul to Washington.
First decent idea you've had in a month.
Christ. All of a sudden it's West Point.
I should fire him because he got in the way of Trapper's fist? No. I've put up with a lot from you guys, but now I finally have to take disciplinary action.
There's no reason good enough for one medical officer to strike another.
Stop acting like a colonel, Henry. You know Trapper wouldn't sock him without a good reason.
We don't want any more than that.  Right now.
I'll try, d-d-dammit! You can't ask any more than that!
About that chest-cutter...
Major Burns will be out of your tent in twenty-four hours.  Tell them Captain Pierce and Captain Forrest are on their way.
You work those kind of hours, you got to have rest. Which you can't get with somebody jabbering away on a direct line to heaven.
That's all the commitment you're offering me?  Or do you have some more extravagant gesture of cooperation?
We'll find out what they are when you throw us out.
Your tent?
But we strongly suspect something will happen to screw up this splendid organization of yours if you don't get that sky pilot out of our tent.
You don't aim to cause any trouble – But?
They've all tried. Nobody's got to first base.
Okay, Lieutenant Dish. I guess she's already... involved with somebody here.
If you mean...  She is a lieutenant in the Army Nursing Corps, Captain.
The blonde dish.
Nope, we're assigned heah.
I'm Colonel Blake. You fellows just passing through?
I'll tell you my news. I'm retiring from football.
We got it, men... Ho-Jon's keep as Androscoggin... if there is such a place. And the big news is, the General wants a rematch.
I don't know. I must have lost my punch. I didn't think the son-of-a- bitch would get up.
What's wrong with you?
I deeply regret this unfortunate incident. We try to remember we're a military organization.
If you say so, Henry. But remember my claustrophobia.
I did. First and only blow. So far.
Yes, that's what I mean.
You mean who hit who?
What's going on? Who started this?
And another one, but it's from the south.  There.
Damn.
Chopper coming in, Colonel. Two of them, I'm afraid.
I can try, sir.
Can you make out what they're talking about?
Morning, Captain.
Splendid, sir. No problems.
Morning, Radar. How were things?
Good morning, Colonel.
Yes, Colonel.
Oh, get out of here!
Sir?
Stop that, O'Rielly!
To Major Burns' tent. Yes, sir.
Don't come so quickly when I call. I want you to take these officers...
Sir?
Don't do that, Radar! You make me nervous.
Sir?
Yes, sir, I'll see if I can reach General Hammond in Seoul for you. You think he'll finally break down and give us two more surgeons?
We've got too many wounded for us to handle now! Get on the phone right away and...
I'm afraid so, Colonel.
O'Reilly, what is it?  There aren't more choppers coming?
Yes, dammit, and...
One of the surgeons from the day shift will have to stay on duty tonight?
Dammit, Radar, wait till I call you! Tell Major Burns...
Yes, sir?
O'Reilly!
I out-coached that General Hammond.
What's that, Henry?
Well, there's one big satisfaction.
They can't do that to me!
Those two big guys were tackles on the Cleveland Browns, and the redhead played halfback with the Rams.
I used to throw the javelin.
Thank you, Spearchucker. I'll certainly take a look at these. Where the hell did you ever get that name?
In that case, here are ten basic plays. I think that's about all this bunch can handle.
The way I run an organization, any man in it has the right to speak his mind.
If I can make a suggestion, Coach.
Listen, we get a deluge like this, just deciding priorities on a medical basis is hard enough. So never mind the side issues.
It's an American boy's rupture you're supposed to close.
Yeah?
Captain...  'This kid' is a prisoner of war.
This one goes right to the OR. Tell Duke to do him ahead of the busted spleen.  And this kid can't wait. I'll take him myself, before I get to that ruptured diaphragm.
Good morning.
Morning, girls. Good morning Major.
But it's ten-thirty at night. We can't get military personnel out for a civilian. A foreign civilian.
We don't have to see him. Call that halfassed Army hospital and tell them to be ready to put some lipiodol in this kid's esophagus and take X- rays.
Now?
Can you guys take one minute to look at a kid for me?
How can I taste it now? We've already had like twelve courses.
No, we had a clear soup to start. This is a thick one and you ought to taste it. There's nothing like it back home.
Soup? Rice? What are we doing, beginning all over again?
Mine's already been struck, and it doesn't have to be very fancy.
The address of the N.E.P.H. and W. Why don't you meet me there when you're through golf for drinks and dinner and whatever strikes the fancy?
Never mind.
That bad?  But I guess you're right. We might as well see him.  Got any caddie carts?
Colonel Merrill is a veteran of twenty- five years in the Regular Army, a soldier first and a doctor second. A member of several patriotic organizations, he believes it's America's God-given mission to maintain a foothold for freedom on the Asian mainland.
What's the bastard really like?
I been out of action since I got over here five months ago.
Planes mostly. May take a crack at rickshaws. How does the direct approach work over here?
May I have the surgeon's name, please?
Okay, I'm closing up. Everybody relax.
It's a technique Ugly John and I worked out in case something like this came up.
As long as there's a pile-up, we can do our bit to encourage his permanent withdrawal from the contest.
Boys, we're home free.
Nice.
Ease off on those tapes, and let's see how much it bleeds.  How is he?
Arterial silk.
Nice.
How is he?
