Swell. Thanks very much.  Good luck, Senator. Keep your left up.
Here--let me give you a Boy Ranger button.
I'll take your hat into the cloak room.
Thanks very much, sonny--
All the ex-vice-Presidents. You can get ten-to-one around here if you think you can remember their names. The Vice-President presides over the Senate--you know that. It's how he earns his pay. Oh--over there, Senator-- on the east side of the Chair we still have the old snuff boxes with real snuff in them if you like snuff.
Those busts up there--all around the wall--who are they, sonny?
Look out for those fellows--they tell the truth about you--sometimes. That corner over there is reserved for guides and sightseers who come in for five minutes to rest their feet. That section over there is reserved for Senator's friends. The front row--the empty one--is for the President and White House guests-- see that old couple over there-- they've attended every session for the last twenty years. Over the clock back here is the Diplomatic section. They and the page boys are the only real class we have in this place. The rest are mostly people who come here like they go to the zoo--
Oh, yes--they're fine people--regular people.
Right up there over the Vice- President's chair--the four in the front row represent the four big news services. You've met the press bunch, haven't you?
Uh-huh. And where's the Press Galery?
The Majority Leader? Right over there. And that's [           ] the Minority Leader. They're both pretty good in the clinches.
Where's the Majority Leader?
Calendar for the day. You'll find the Senate Manual in the drawer. Anything else you want, just snap for a page.
Not me, sonny. I'm just going to sit around and listen.  What's this?
Give you something to shoot at, Senator--if you figure on doing any talking.
Daniel Webster? Sat here? Say--that man was a great orator.
Here you are, Senator. Not a bad desk, either. Daniel Webster used to use it.
I'm saying I didn't sign it!
You are saying, in effect, that this is a forgery?
It couldn't be.
But it *isn't*?
Looks like it, but--
Then--this is *not* you signature, Senator?
I--I discussed it with him--yes-- because I--you see, I've always had this camp in mind--but I made no contract with him!
But you did *talk* to Mr. Allen about that and--?
Never.
You've never *seen* this contract.
I did not--
And you say you never signed this contract with Mr. Allen?
Yes! This was how I could be put out of the Senate and out of the way! They even *promised* me that if I--
It was?
It was done to stop me from talking about a section of the Appropriations Bill!
--what possible explanation can you offer for this charge being--as you say--"trumped up" against you!
Blow a bugle!
Let's send out a pigeon!
And while you're at it, get me a bed!
I'll brain that guy! Well--call Paine-- call Saunders--
Positively not in the station! Gone!
What for? Why, suppose there's a storm--all lines are down--how you gonna get a message to Ma?
What's he bringing pigeons for?
Yes, sir.  All right, boys--let's go.
Yes, sir--big as life. Been there some time now.
Freedom of the press! Mr. James Taylor blindfolding a whole State--  Wait a minute! If that's how he wants to play *I'll* get through to that bunch--I'll get plenty of words into that, State--!  Come on, Diz, get that stuff you've written--let me have it--
Not a word! Taylor's sewed up every paper. They're tossing out everything that comes in over the wires!
What!
Kid--he thinks he's talking to that mob at home, but not a line we've written--not a word he's said from that floor has gotten into that home State.
Diz!
Diz--get what he says to the people back in that State. It's up to you and the boys. Keep those wires hot. Fire away, pal!
He's a house-afire!
The war's on!
Well, then, that's great! And that's a great place to leave it! It's no use *my* barging into this now and--
All I know is--he said to me tonight-- "What does your wife think?" My wife. Thinks we're married--
You don't think he'd want *me* within fifty miles, do you?--after the exhibition he saw me give! Did you see his *face*--?
Come on--don't pull that. You know you'd give your right--. What are you staying away from him for?
Why me?
Then--in the name of kindness to dumb animals--we can't let him walk into that Senate tomorrow and take a terrible punch in a nose! A couple of us went up there--told him all he could do was beat it--resign--clear out. But--he's in a daze--he's been hit by a ton of bricks. Just says, "I haven't done anything. Why should I resign?" He might *listen* to *you*--
I've told you ten times--if I had anything they couldn't bat down in a second, don't you suppose I'd've been up in that hearing yelling murder! Sure--he was cooked the night I sounded off like a fool and spilled the whole works!
He's cooked! They'll drum the poor lug out of that chamber tomorrow as sure as I'm--! And now they're all down on him. Yeah--my press pals, too--he's a bad egg--still water running deep. Boloney! It's the frame of all time! When I see a phoney like this--my journalist blood boils-- I wanna *fight*!  Look, kid--rack your brains, will you? Haven't you got any confidential stuff on that mob? I'll write my arm off--I'll blow Taylor and his--
Take me home, Diz.
You know, we're getting married.
Huh?
Well--let's dig up the preacher, kid.
Right now--everything I own--!
Hey! We're gettin' married--!
I'm getting out of there. Right now, Diz. Right now. Bonus or no bonus. I'm gonna clear outa that office-- everything I own--my extra hat-- everything--
You said it!
I won't take it! See? I won't be party to murder. See? Steering a poor dope up blind alleys for that grafting Taylor mob is low enough. But helping that dame cut him up in little pieces besides--nobody's gonna make me do that. No, sir.
Susan? Nah!
Nothing like--uh--Susan--or anything like that, huh?
No--not offhand--
You don't know a name off-hand you like better, do you, Diz?
Okay--I mean--
Don't say "okay," Diz. Say you think it's beautiful.
Yeah, I know. That's okay.
My first name's--Clarissa.
What?
I case you don't know--I want to give ya a chance to back out if you don't like it--
What?
Yeah--that's right. Diz--
We're gonna get married.
Where?
Well, let's get going.
No! I can't think of anything more sappy!)
Do we *have* to?
No.
Have *you*?
Or angry little mountain streams-- and cattle moving against the sun. You haven't seen any of that, have you, Diz?
Is the wind tired out there?
You've never seen prairie grass with the wind leaning on it, have you, Diz?
Tunnel?
You--you've been a good egg, Diz. Maybe we could clear out of this town--get to feel like *people*--get the habit of lifting up our eyes-- live like we just got out of a tunnel.
I'll cherish ya.
Okay. You don't mind?
Tonight?
Any time.
Good idea. When?
How about getting married?
Yeah.
Diz--
Again? Good idea.
*All right*, then. After all, what's it to me? So they *drop* him out of a balloon. All I care is--I don't want to be around. See? Squeamish. See? That's what I am. No, sir. I don't have to take it. Won't be a party to no murder. I'm gonna quit. I'm through.
I apologize.
Well--cut it out. See? Who *cares* anyway?
*I'm* just waiting for a street car--
Like a mother sending her kid off to school for the first time--watchin' the little fella toddling off--in his best bib and tucker--and you sink in the middle--hoping he can stand up to the other kids--won't get his feeling hurt--and--if you could only spare him the knocks he's gotta take--  Say--who started this?
No. How'd you feel? Quick.
Do you know how I felt, Diz?
Now--how'd Humpty-Dumpty get in here?
And I got him all dressed up, too-- to go way up in a balloon--so they can drop him a long way--make sure they break his heart. Why, not all the Boy Rangers in the world, working night shifts, 'll be able to put Humpty-Dumpty together again--
Mind, now! Keep Don Quixote out of here!
Shut up, Diz.
Now, you've gone and let Don Quixote in here again. I told you to keep him out!
--followin' Miss Susan Fass-Pass around--his little heart poundin' away--the sound of angels' wings in his ears.
Waiter!
Old Don Quixote--man of the people Smith--
My friends?
Every time I think of it, I get a laugh, Diz.
Yeah. Some of my best friends are funny.
Yeah.
Yeah. Funny--
Drunks are funny--
"There's more light here," he says--
Why do I always laugh at that?
And to Don Quixote!
Now, look, kid--if we're gonna wonder, let's go down and do it over a hunk of steak.  Come on, snap out of it. Diz Moore-- that rarest of companions--is here at your side.  To genteel crime, kid.
I've wondered, Diz--maybe this Don Quixote's got the jump on all of us. I've wondered--maybe it's a curse to go through life wised up like you and me--
Okay. So what? Stop worrying. I've told you--the dopes are gonna inherit the earth anyway--
Nothing. I'm just saying--I might be able to lie, cheat, steal--and I'd still tear into a guy I saw kicking a dog. Not that *he* is, by a long shot--
Forget it, kid. What's it *to* you?
He isn't going to hurt enough as it is. *She* has to twist a knife in him, too--the regal jackass! "I'll turn my glamour on him," she says--
Oh--yeah--
Paine.
What dame?
I don't mind *who* gets licked in a *fair* fight, Diz. It's these clouts below the belt I can't take. Sicking that horrible dame on him--when he's goofy about her--
Well, well--  Yeah--I got smart and thought I'd slip one over on the old man in the press meeting. I said, "Mr. President, about the monopoly investigation--" And he jumps right in and says, "Diz, if you were sitting in my chair, would you answer the question you're about to ask?" He had me.
They decoyed the little General off to a tea party to keep him out of the Senate.
Well--I stuck my foot in it again at the President's press conference today--  How come so early? Get the day off?
That's taking place outside now.
Yeah. What about the second act?
Did you like the first act?
Diz--Don Quixote with bill is going to get to his feet in a minute and speak two important words--*Willet Creek*. When that happens--if my hunch is right--the Silver Knight will fall off his tightrope and Puss will jump out of his boots.
Frankly, kid--are you goofy?
You play--left field.
What do I play?
The Silver Knight. Soul of Honor--on a tight-rope.
Yes. Mostly "Puss."  Oh, the *other* prominent character in the play.
Oh, you mean--Puss in Boots.
That gorilla in Man's clothing-- McGann.
Who?
Ah. One of the supporting characters.
Certainly.  Now there's the principal actor in our little play.
What show? Would you mind telling me what's coming off here?
Sit tight, Diz. The show commences in just a minute.
Wait--wait. Let's see--watchdog McGann-- he's bound to move right in--get him out of the way first--  Pardon me, friend--I've got some telephoning to do--! 
Now, you've got more sense than to put Nosey onto this guy--!
Get my *whole* fall outfit--and quit this job in style!
Kid--wait--what do you think you're going to do?
Whadaya mean--*right*?
Will you go chase an ambulance!
Sure--sure--wait a minute now--simmer down--
I'm still asking myself--what is he-- animal, vegetable, or mineral? A Senator! A United States Senator! I thought I'd seen everything but-- why, he doesn't know what time it is, Diz! When I think of myself sitting around--playing straight for all that phoney, patriotic chatter-- *me*, carrying bibs for an infant with little flags in his fists--no, I can't take it, Diz--I'm through--I quit!
Yeah. Should have seen me seven years ago--when I came to this town. *Now* what am I?--chambermaid to the Pied Piper of Jackson City; *Honorary* appointment! Scratch this thing an you'll find they wanted a dope here for two months.
You know--little worms--ambition.
What! Who?
You got worms.
No--don't do it. I'm sure. The truth is, Diz--there's no man I've seen yet or--must be something wrong with me. I've been feeling low for weeks.
Well, if you're sure it wouldn't--no use combing my hair for nothing.
Diz, you're a swell playmate--but--. Maybe if I saw you once with your hair combed, or something--or--no, no--I don't think even that would do it--
I would cherish you--and stay sober.
Oh--that again. Yeah.
You know--Mrs. Diz Moore.
Huh?
That old standing offer from Diz Moore--Poet of Washington Correspondents.
What's this, Diz?
Would you settle for a husband?
When Foley died, why didn't I clear out? How many times, did you hear me say I was fed up on politics and--? But *no*--I let 'em talk me into staying. Secretary to a leader of little squirts. Why? Because I need the job and a new suit of clothes.
Well, because you're doing all right at the minute.
Tell me why!
Well, why don't they try the police-- get some blood hounds--or Indian guides--
Eight to five Little Boy Blue is plastered.
No, not yet, Senator Paine--not hide nor hair of the man. You mean to say the boys haven't--?
Okay. For the dollar, I give you McGann *and* Bill and Carl. I got Paine.  Hello... Oh, yes.
Hey--you're into me for a buck already. I say--McGann. Shoot the whole dollar.
Well--who d'you take this time--Paine, Bill, Carl--or McGann?
I give that Trail Blazer five more minutes to show up--  --*five more minutes*!
Getting on to dinner, isn't it, pal?
Sure--sure. He must have a compass with him.
That--or he's out blazing trails. He'll show up.
How do you *like* this! You don't suppose that ranger met up with some kids--and took 'em for a hike!
No!
Sure. Sure. I'll hang a light in the steeple. One if by land--two if by sea!... Okay!  Diz--you won't believe it. Daniel Boone's *lost*!
Well, your children are very bright-- and *they* say Jefferson Smith.
Emma, which is it--Horace Miller or Henry Hill?
No wonder--without your dinner.
Emma! I'm a man at the end of his rope.
That settles it! I will not be attacked and belittled by my own children in my own home! My nerves are strained to the breaking point!
Otis!
Why, I think it's very sweet of the children--
I do *not* want a Senator. And I do *not* want any more of this nonsense! Emma!
For instance, how to run the affairs of government? No doubt my children could make this appointment *for* me-- with the greatest ease!
Nonsense. Why don't you listen to your children for a change? You might actually learn something?
Nonsense.
Really, my dear--I don't feel like a thing.
We're waiting, Hubert.
I'll bear that in mind... What? Oh. Dinner. Pet--my stomach couldn't hold a bird seed.
Dinner, Hubert.
Now, pet--  Jim!
Save that for the laying of cornerstones, Hubert!  Oh, that morning you looked in the mirror and saw a statesman!
Now, now, Emma, dear--you mustn't forget we have been chosen by the people of this commonwealth to--
This isn't a home, it's the crossroads of the world!
No, no--believe me, pet--this is *most* urgent--  Hello, hello. Is Taylor there?-- Governor Hopper. Quickly, please--
Can't that wait, Hubert?
Taylor, my dear.
Whom are you calling--in the dead of night?
Of all the times! Of all the times! Two months to the end of his term-- and Foley has to go and die on us--
Great saints!
Sam Foley--dead!
What is it?
Yes, Joe, yes--right away. 
What is it?
Yes, yes--phone, phone--  A--an outrage, pet--an outrage--I'll look into this--  Hello--Joe!--What!--No! Not really! Terrible!
That infernal phone!
Wha--? Yes, sweetheart-- Wha--?
I knew it! I knew a night's rest wasn't possible in this house!  Hubert!
Oh! Go away.
Your name's spreading like wild-fire out here--you are the winterbook favorite to get on the National ticket.
All right, why?
How do you feel, champ?
Fine. The first thing to do is-- present Mr. Smith to the press--in the *right* way. Hurry him along, Bill.
Yup--Sweeney, Flood, Farrell--waiting for you--
Good. Are the newspaper men at the hotel?
All set. Foley's rooms in the Senate office building--nice, big clean desk--lot of Senator stationery to write his little boys on--and Foley's secretary, Saunders, to make it look like the real thing--
Are you ready for him, Bill?
He's the hero of fifty thousand boys and a hundred thousand parents. Look at these congratulations pouring in! I tell you, gentlemen, by this one statesman-like act, I have--
Oh--oh.
Listen--the simpleton of all time--a big-eyed patriot--knows Washington and Lincoln by heart--stood at attention in the Governor's presence-- collects stray boys and cats--
He's batty!
Jim--if I fling a party man like Horace in the face of those angry committees--
Terrific! A born stooge! Horace'll perform like a trained seal.
Washington! Always discussing the problems of Washington. Nobody ever thinks of the State--and my problems!  I *will* tell Jim Taylor. It's high *time* I told him a thing or two! 
*You* tell Jim Taylor.
I *can't* wait, McGann! You go into that room and tell Jim Taylor and Joe Paine that I give them *one more minute*--
Relax, Happy. Jim said to wait.
Yes, yes--tell them I'll see them immediately--immediately!  I can't hold them off! They want something to say about this appointment. Ten to one they've got a man.
I doubt it! Come on, Ken.
Y-yes, Jim.
You couldn't understand! Listen, Ten Thumbs, I'll be on my way to Washington in half an hour. Whatever happens, I'm all ready for this Ranger of yours. Never mind how. You'll get your instructions from Ken Allen here. It isn't anything you have to do. I wouldn't trust you to lick a stamp. Allen'll do it himself. You just use your *high office* to help him get it done. Understand?
Me! Jim--how--?
Yes! He's about to blow the whole machine to smithereens--and *you with it*, Mr. Governor!
Will you please tell me *exactly* what he's done?
Boy Ranger! The answer to a prayer. Manna from heaven! Didn't know the time of day--!
Oh--Jim!
*But you never asked me*!
Jim--when the lightning hit, I--I just--
But you went ahead and made this appointment without asking me--
Joe--*you* know what I'm talking about. The perfect man. Never in politics in his life. Wouldn't find out what it's all about in two *years*, lets alone two months. But the important thing--and this was the genius of the stroke--*it means votes*!
What!
Jim--the answer to a prayer--manna from heaven--the man *we want*--and the votes *we need*--
--a *boy ranger* a squirrel chaser-- to the United States Senate!
*Your* political future! I bought it for you and made you a present. And I can grab it back so fast it'll make your head spin. You got a nerve to stand there and worry about just *your future* when we're in this spot!  The man is--*Miller*.
I *won't* let you stand there callously and perhaps wreck my whole political future!
*You won't?*
I *won't* send Horace Miller!
I said forget 'em! Horace Miller goes to the Senate--and that settles it!
Jim, that bunch is out for blood. If I throw Horace in their teeth now--
We can't help *what* they were! Forget 'em!
I--I couldn't, Jim. Those men were--
*Henry Hill?* That crackpot? That long-haired--! Why, you should have killed that so fast--!
Henry Hill.
They put up *their* candidate? Who?
Now, wait fellows--great Heavens. I've got to see those angry committees first--feel them out a little--work for harmony--harmony.
Happy, for reasons there isn't time to go into--it's got to be Miller! We've given you the man. Now write the ticket.  Come on, Joe. Come on, Chick.
Horace Mill--!
Happy, we've got the man. Horace Miller!
One minute! Just one minute!
Yes, Jim.
You'll see those committees when we're finished!
Look here, Jim--if you and Joe are going to gab about this appointment *any* longer, I'm going ahead and see those committees!
I said, sir--in my official capacity-- as an honorary gesture--I appoint you to the United States Senate!
What were you saying, Governor? Sorry.
Just get one hand against each ear there--keep his face straight up.
The--head?
Thanks, Governor--*yes*! Do you mind? His head--Ma'll take the tail.
Ma! Hold him!
--And it is in my power to confer a very signal honor upon you. In my official capacity, therefore, I--
Aw--
Well--yes--I was saying--the State should reward you--
No doubt. No doubt. And this fine little paper--"Boy Stuff"--with, I dare say, an *enormous* circulation in the State.
Well--that's not work, sir--that's fun.
No. No. A signal service to the State. Yes, indeed. And not only that but-- uh--I've heard of your excellent work in leading and guiding our youth--
Oh, now, I'm afraid that's been exaggerated some--
Not at all. I've come to pay you a personal and official--and I might say--a *tardy* tribute, Mr. Smith, for your recent heroic conduct.
This--this is a great honor, sir. I-- I--
Now--now--please--that's quite all right. Relax, boys--
Peter, I'm in no mood to hear childish prattle!
"Boy Stuff." That's the name of Jeff's magazine. He prints it.  Look--here's one--oh, it's great-- *everybody* reads it--all the kids in the State--a million of 'em. Look, Pop--let me read you a--
Himself!
Well, Jeff put that out himself.
I did. What about it?
Oh, a *boy*!
Gosh, Pop--head of the Boy Rangers!
Is *what* getting me down?
What's the matter, Dad? Is it getting you down?
Emma!
A dirty frame!
Emma! Will you *please*--?
Jeff for Senator.
Than what?
No, *sir*! You couldn't do better, Dad.
What stuff?
He's the greatest *American* we got, too, Dad. Can tell what George Washington said--by heart. An' "Boy Stuff's" got the swellest stuff in it.
Uh--could--could I help--?
I just can't, son--not the head and tail both!
Well, it sort of got to be--from Jeff just pullin' splinters and things--
A pet shop?
Why, of course.
Maybe you'd like to come along and watch, Governor? Jefferson's done a wonderful job with that leg.
Excellent! Excellent! My boy, I'm convinced our State has a great debt of gratitude to you--
Well--it started with a little mimeograph sheet--and it's just grown out of all sense and reason--
Certainly. Step right in.
Is--uh--Jefferson Smith at home?
Yes. Come in.
Uh--Jefferson Smith's residence?
I *thought* I heard... Yes?
When Jeff gets through with Taylor--  Quiet! What do you mean by breaking in here--? Get out! Get *out* of here!
When Jeff gets through with Taylor, Pop--
I beg your pardon?
That's easy. Jefferson Smith.
Emma! I will not have conversations of this sort carried on by the children at dinner!
Well, he's still running the show, ain't he, Dad?
Taylor! May I ask what *Taylor* has to do with it?
Gee, I wouldn't appoint an old twerp like Horace Miller--Taylor or no Taylor!
Saunders said--this whole thing was *his* idea to get graft--!
What makes you think he's got *anything* to do with it?
He's a newspaper publisher I know-- and--
Oh, I couldn't tonight. Thanks a lot.
Uh--Senator--I thought you and me might go out to dinner together--and grab off a few monuments.
You have?  Will you come in a minute, Miss Saunders.
H'ya, Senator. I--I've sorta been looking for you--
You should hear our Ranger Band rattle that off--if you want to *hear* something! Good evening, Miss Saunders. Good evening Mister McGann.
What? Who?
Look! There it is!
All right, Senator--let's get these bags and the livestock together--
Well, that ends that crisis. This way, Senator.
Here they are--I got them. They are all right.
Boy! My head's like a balloon--for two whole days. I never knew there was so much American history.
Just a minute, I better make sure.
The porter's got them. They're coming.
My pigeons--I better see about my pigeons.
Yeah, for the fifth time, Senator-- Washington.
Washington!
In view of the gentleman's touching concern for the Senators, would he permit a motion to recess until the morning--at which time he could continue to educate this august body with his profound babblings?
I yield.
Will the Senator yield for a question?
Is he fully aware that this bill has been months in both Houses--delayed and delayed--millions will be without food and shelter until its passage-- public works to relieve unemployment will be at a standstill--government agencies will be forced to suspend-- ?
For one week!
Has the gentleman the effrontery-- standing there convicted and in disgrace--to try to force the postponement of that bill--?
For a question!
Will the Senator yield?
I am about to ask for a roll call on the passage of the Resolution--without further delay. The Senator can have nothing to say at this time that would not be either in bad grace or--
I addressed the Chair first, sir!
Mr. President!
Mr. President!
To--to a reception--uh--for a princess-- I forget her name--
Where were you?
I say it's *your* parade, sir! You've *got* to come!
No, Jeff--please--!
Please, sir!--come with me!
Mr. President, have I permission to bring into this Chamber evidence of the response from my State?
Yes, sir, you bet I would.
The gentleman has said repeatedly that he is speaking to the people of his State. He has been waiting, as he so fancifully puts it, for them to come marching here in droves. Would the gentleman be interested in knowing what those people have to say?
Yes, sir, I yield for a question.
I *did* see Taylor! And I was in that room!
Mr. President--I did not say that Senator Paine was one of those Congressmen I saw. If the chair please, I will deny that Senator Paine *saw* Taylor or even knows him--
He has imputed to me conduct unworthy a Senator--and I demand he be made to yield the floor--!
Mr. President--
Mr. President--
Mr. President! A point of order!
I will not yield, sir! This same man-- Mister Taylor--came here to offer me a place in this Senate for twenty years, if I would vote for a dam that he knew and *I* knew was a *fraud*! But if I opened my mouth against it, he promised to break me in two! And I stood here one day and tried--I *started* to open my mouth-- and it all came to pass. The long, powerful arm of Mister James Taylor reached right into this sacred chamber and took me by the scruff of the neck--
Will the Senator--
The committee ruled otherwise! The gentleman stands guilty as charged. And I believe I speak for all the members when I say that no one cares to hear what a man of his condemned character has to say about *any* section of *any* legislation before this house!
I have no defense against forged papers and--
I wish to ask the gentleman--has he one shred of evidence to add now to the defense he did not give--and *could* not give at that same hearing?
Mr. President--
Every *aspect* of this matter--the gentleman's attack on that section-- everything--was dealt with in the committee hearing--
It does!
Does my colleague's piece concern Section Forty of the bill--a dam on Willet Creek?
For a *question*.
Will he *yield*?
Ah, now, that's better.
Will he yield for a question?
Yield *how*, sir?
Mr. President--gentlemen--I--I have risen to a painful duty--to say that, out of evidence that has come to my attention, I consider Senator Smith unworthy to address this body!
Y-yes.
Yes--the *benefits*! What's a man called Taylor got to do with this?
Jeff! You're trying to understand in a moment everything about a project that took two years to set up--the reasons--the benefits--
But--there are a hundred other places in the state that *need* the water. Besides--I talked to Kenneth Allen, who owns some of that land--and he didn't say anything about a dam. No-- I'm sure, sir--there's something wrong--and I--I won't vote on this thing until I get a lot of questions answered--
Jeff--listen--this was all taken up in the State Legislature and approved-- they're going to divert waters from up above--
--I may not know much about a lot of things, sir--but I know that Willet Creek country like a book--and--and I tell you, Senator Paine--there's something *wrong* about this dam-- why, there isn't a foot of water in that creek--it's dry four months out of the--
Goodnight, Miss Paine.
Goodnight, Jeff.
Well--goodnight.
Good as new! It's quite all right--
Gosh!  Well--looks good as new. If there *is* any damage, I'll--
That's all right, my boy--don't bother--
I'm sorry! Gee! I hope--
Well, I'm sort of anxious to get back to the office--
Here--where are you running off to?
Thank you, sir. Thank you for your time.
Nonsense, Jeff.
I will, sir! I will!  I--I don't know how to thank you. I knew, if any man could help me--
What's to stop you? Saunders will help you with it--
Senator Paine, if I could do just that one thing while I'm here, I-- I'd feel that I--
Well, why not do it? There's a job for you. Get a Bill started to accomplish it--present it to Congress-- it would be a great experience--
Yes, I was--
Jeff, look--didn't you say something to the papers about wanting to create a National Boys' camp? Were you in earnest about that?
Well, then--I--I don't feel I can stay, sir.
The *Bills*? Jeff--let me advise you-- as your father would--politics is a business--sometimes a cruel business. In your time here, you couldn't even start on those Bills. They're put together by legal minds--after a long study. Why, after twenty years, I can't understand half of them myself. No, really, Jeff--in your own interests--
I mean, sir--if I'm going to stay in the Senate--I ought to know what I'm doing--at least, I ought to try to study the Bills that are coming up--
No.
I know. I suppose, Mr. Paine, when a fellow bucks up against a big organization like that, one man by himself can't get very far, can he?
Shot in the back. I was there. I can see him at that old roll top desk, still with his hat on... still with his hat on...
Yes, Ma found him slumped over his desk that morning...
His last fight was his best, Jeff. He and his little four-page paper against that mining syndicate and all to defend the right of one small miner who stuck to his claim. You know, they tried everything, bribery, intimidation, then--well--
Ma's told me about it a thousand times.
You don't have to tell me Jeff. We were a team, the two of us, a struggling editor and a struggling lawyer. The twin champions of lost causes, they used to call us.
Yeah, Dad always used to say the only causes worth fighting for were lost causes.
Even to the hat. Same old dreamer, too. One look at you and I can see him, back of his old roll top desk, hat and all, getting out his paper. Always kept his hat on his head so as to be ready to do battle. Clayton Smith, editor and publisher, and champion of lost causes.
Thank you, sir.
"Boy Stuff." Why, printer's ink runs in your veins, Jeff. You're just like your father.
Well, it isn't much, but if you insist, here's this week's. 
We'd better see.
Just fine.
How's Amos, Ma?
Certainly would, Joseph.
And Senator Paine too, Ma--we'd like to have him--
Fine--
Hello, Ma.  Clarissa, Ma. She'll be stayin' a while--
Hello, Jefferson.
What?
Now, Amos, now--  What?
Sorry about this, Governor. But it won't take a minute. You were saying something in the other room, sir--
Satan's in this little fella tonight!
Now, now, now--that isn't going to get you any place. Get a firm grip, Ma!
Now, now, now!  It's all right, Governor.
Jerry! Blackie! Queenie! Let's have it quiet, fellows!
Gosh! You see sir--I was fixing some plaster for a cast on Amos' leg-- he's always chewing 'em off. I'll only be a minute--if you'll excuse me, sir--
Excuse me for interrupting, Governor, but--  --that plaster's gonna harden any second, son.
Yes, Ma?
Jefferson--
Oh, now--
Well--I'll go to Halifax!
Good evening, sir. I was just making some--  Governor Hopper!
You're a liar!
Yes! I've told Senator Paine for twenty years--
You mean--you tell these men--and Senator Paine what to do?
Can't you?
Mine? Why--naturally--whatever benefits the state is mighty important to me--owning a lot of its industry-- newspapers and other odds and ends. And if I thought you had the welfare of the state at heart, like myself-- for instance, if you were to turn around and help a project like this along instead of standing in the way-- why, I'd say you were a man to watch. For a fellow your age, you'd be in a spot to make a great start in life. If you liked business--you could pick any job in the state and go right to the top. Or politics. If you like being a Senator. No reason why you couldn't come back to that Senate for the rest of your life.
What is your interest in this, Mr. Taylor?
But you have some objections here and there. And maybe right, for all I know. But the point is--there's no sense stopping the whole works now-- specially after some men have worked hard for a long time to put this through--
Yes, so I was told, Mr. Taylor, but--
Well now--just to take an example-- putting up a dam--on Willet Creek. As I look at it--that dam's going to do the people of our state a lot of good--
Like what, Mr. Taylor?
Well. I hear you've been right on your toes since you got here. Pitching right in. Lots of people took you for dumb--but they're wrong. You're smart. In fact, *I* think you're smart enough to understand a situation when it's explained to you--
Not *me*! Joseph Paine is the man they ought to be listening to! Come on!
Jeff--wait--they want you to speak!
To a hard night's work, son. Come on! 
Where do we go from here?
Hurray!
Yay!
We'll *find* one! Only throw compromise out of the window--stick to Jeff Smith, the man who first came to this town--get up and *fight*-- and we'll find *some* way. I don't know where we'll wind up--but the flag'll be flying--!
Saunders--if there was *any* way--
Jeff--listen--remember the day you got here?--what you said about Mr. Lincoln?--that he was sitting up there--watching--waiting for someone to come along? Well--that was *you*. Someone with a little plain, decent, uncompromising *rightness*--to root out the Taylors--yeah, and really light up that dome for once. This country could use some of that--so could the whole drunken, cockeyed world right now--a *lot* of it! And when the right man comes along--no matter *what* the odds--he can't *ever* quit! A little fellow called David walked out with only a sling- shot--but he had the *truth* on his side--
Oh--Saunders--
I don't care *what* you've done! Don't quit. Don't grab a measly chance like this to save a few pieces--other men could--but not you. As long as you lived, you'd remember you ran out and threw this country of yours to the jackals--!
But--I've done everything I--
What you *have* to do is fight!
Wait--
I *don't* think that's the thing to do! No! I think what you ought to do is--*fight*! 
Yeah. I guess--sometimes--Senator Paine must be right. Sometimes you-- you got to compromise a little--  And if you say so too, Saunders--if *you* think that's the thing to do--
Well, I guess it's a chance.
Yeah. I see. Well--that's about the only thing to do. Don't you think?
It might save some of the pieces, Jeff. It would leave a doubt about the whole thing--about you. Might blow over, this way.
I--I don't know. I--I'm afraid they've got me licked.
What are you going to do?
That's funny. I thought all along--  Gee--I--I'm glad to see you. I *thought* of you--I mean--I wanted to talk to someone and--well--  --Mr. Lincoln hasn't much to say--  Saunders--I'm not fit to sit up in the Senate--haven't you heard?--I robbed boys of their pennies and dimes!
No. That night--I--well, *you* know-- I was pretty--. No--Diz is a--a sort of brother, that's all--
I'm not.
Well gee--how--how've you been, Saunders? I--I haven't seen you in-- . I suppose--now that you're married--
Saunders--
Hello.
Are you drunk?
And you're writing Ma all about it. And your pigeons will carry the message of love. And the first thing you know--Susan Paine'll get the best jar of preserves she ever tasted!
Saunders--!
I know. Don't tell me. It was a wonderful party. Your suit went over big. And she looked beautiful, and she gave her hand when you left her-- and said--"Thank you, Mr. Smith." Oh, but it was the way she *said* it. You like to fell through the floor--Horseradish!
Wow!
Get your hat, Senator. We've got a lot to do between now and tomorrow--
*Who*! Miss--! Is that--? Why didn't you--? Holy smoke;  H-hello... Yes, Miss Paine... How-- how are you, Miss Paine...? What?... Escort *you* Gee--I mean--*sure*-- *yes*! I'd be--. Reception for a *princess*! Gosh!... Thanks, Miss Paine. Yes. I--I'll be there! Goodbye, Miss Paine.  Did you hear that?--Escort Susan Paine--reception for a princess! Imagine her calling me--asking *me*-- !
Yes--right here. Just a second--  Miss Paine.
I mean it. I--without you, I could't've--
Don't mention it--
I--I--gee whiz--I didn't thank you!
Oh--*Saunders*!
Thanks a lot.
The letters? Gosh--no. I couldn't talk letters. I've gotta scratch 'em out. And say--I'm going to tell Ma all about you. If I tell it right-- the first thing you know you're going to get the best jar of preserves you ever tasted.
Do you want to dictate them?
No! Letters. I've got to write to the Rangers and Ma--and--I'm bustin' with news! Why, I've introduced a bill! Me--Jeff Smith. I got up and talked in the Senate! 
Not another bill?
Good! I'm going to be pretty busy tonight--
Second drawer.
Do you mean all--look--look we'd better open them up--see what they say here--look at the money--what does it say--"Dear Senator Smith, I would like to come to your boy's camp and I shine shoes at the station and here's nine cents." Oh, isn't that wonderful. Look and he signs it. "Yours truly, Stinky Moore." Isn't that marvelous?  Say--have I got some paper here?
Oh, those are only local. Wait'll they start pouring in from all over the country.
Already? All these letters?
Contributions from boys who read about your camp.
Gee--I hope so. What's all this?
Must have been tickled pink.
I--I don't know how I got it out. My heart was right up here all the time--  I wonder what Senator Paine thought of it?
Great.
No--not today! Boy, I feel like a house afire! Saunders--how did I do?
One of the plagues on members of Congress--office-seekers, cranks, people with pet bills. Get my son into West Point--or *outta* West Point. I've got a scheme to put people to work. How do I get rid of cockroaches? Some woman's composed a hymn to replace the Star Spangled Banner. Want to hear it?
What do they--? Who are all those--?
Yeah. This land to be bought by contributions from the boys. You have that. Money to be--
Nothing. I just wondered. No *reason* to take it up with him.  "--about a quarter of a mile on either side of Willet Creek--"
Well--no. I didn't. Why?
No, I haven't. I guess I thought the name was familiar.  By the way, you discussed with Senator Paine where the camp was to be situated and everything?
You couldn't. You've never been out there, you said.
No--
You--don't know it, do you?
In Terry Canyon?
Uh--Willet Creek. It's just a little stream--
Yes. The most beautiful I think I ever--gee--  Say--we're *never* going to finish this thing! Now, here we go, Saunders. I'm going to talk faster'n you can write--
And a beautiful woman, too--don't you think?
Susan! Susan Paine--that's beautiful--
Now, *Susan*--that's really a *pretty* name--
Clarissa. Oh. Uh-huh.  Well, Saunders--let's go--
You win. It's--Clarissa.
I've got more. You better tell me.
No! Stop it!
Lena.
No!
Letitia.
No!
Abigail.
It *is* not!
I know. It's--Violet.
Well, if it's all the same to you--
All right. Sure. Just curious. The picture popped into my mind all of a sudden of a pump without a handle-- or something--
Look--I think we ought to skip it.
You--you've *got* a first name, haven't you?
I also answer to whistles.
Well--nobody calls you anything but Saunders.
Why?
Yeah. Yeah. Well, anyway, we've got "Saunders" settled. Maybe that was my trouble all along.  YEs, *sir*. I'm all ready to go now--  What's your *first* name?
Terrible, thank you.
Saunders. That's better.  Good morning, Saunders. Hello, Saunders. How's the bill coming, Saunders--?
Go right ahead.
No! Gosh! I better get moving here, Miss Saunders--  Everybody else calls you just plain "Saunders." Why can't I?
I don't see where we are *with* it.
I never met anyone more--more intelligent--or capable. I--I don't know where I'd be on this bill of mine without your help--
Have I?
But--I mean--for a woman--And--you've done awfully well--
No complaints.
It hasn't been easy, has it?
No, they couldn't. Father was a doctor. The kind who placed ethics above collections. That speaks well for Father but it always left us kind of--  Could we get on with this, Senator?
I take it your--your parents couldn't-- uh--
Since sixteen or so.
Have you always had to--work?
City-dwellers never do that--for fear of what might drop *in* 'em.
But you've had beautiful country all around you. You've just had to life up your eyes!
Baltimore. Pure city-dweller.
You mean--here?
I've been over every foot of it. You couldn't have any idea. You'd have to see for yourself--  --the prairies--the wind leaning on the tall grass--
No.
About two hundred of the most beautiful acres that ever were! Mountains, prairie land, trees, streams! A paradise for boys who live in stuffy cities--  You don't know that country out there, do you, Miss Saunders?
Now, this camp is going to be out in your state, of course--
Yes, yes--
Uh--getting back to this, Senator--
We need a lot like him--his kind of character--ideals.
He did?
Well, anyway, it's *something* like that--  And it *is* important. That--that Steering Committee has *got* to see it that way. And I'm sure Senator Paine will do all he can--  He's a fine man, Miss Saunders, isn't he? He knew my father, you know.
But you've just taken care of the spirit all right.
Well--gosh--that--that isn't "particulars," is it?
I want to make that come to life-- yes, and lighted up like that, too-- for every boy in the land. Boys forget what their country means--just reading "land of the free" in history books. And they get to be men--and forget even more. Liberty is too precious to get buried in books, Miss Saunders. Men ought to hold it up in front of them--every day of their lives and say: "I am free--to think--to speak. My ancestors couldn't. I can. My children will."
On paper?
And something else, too, Miss Saunders-- the spirit of it--the idea--the--
Now, let's get down to particulars. How big is this thing? Where is it to be? How many boys will it take care of? If they're going to buy it-- how do they make their contributions? Your Bill has to have all that in it--
I did--and--and I got right up.
Try sitting down.
Uh--have you?  Did you ever have so much to say about something--you couldn't say it?
Yes, Senator--*twice*.
--that's the main idea, Miss Saunders. The United States Government isn't going to buy or build this camp-- just lend us the money. You've made a note of that, huh?
And a *lot* of paper!
Thanks very much.
No! Go right ahead, Miss Saunders.
Yes--sure. Why not?  You don't mind if I take the time to get a pencil?
I said--shall we get started *now* or--
Pardon?
Yes. Shall we start on it right now-- or order dinner first?
Yes. House. More amendments--more changes--and the Bill goes back to the Senate--and *waits its turn on the calendar again*. The Senate doesn't like what the house did to the Bill. They make more changes. The House doesn't like *those* changes. Stymie. So they appoint men from each house to go into a huddle called a conference and battle it out. Besides that, all the lobbyists interested give cocktail parties for and against--government departments get in their two cents' worth--cabinet members--budget bureaus--embassies. Finally, if the Bill is alive after all this vivisection, it comes to a vote. Yes, sir--the big day finally arrives. And--nine times out of ten, they vote it down.  Are you catching on, Senator?
We're over in the House.
Pardon me--*this* is. Where are we now?
*This* is.
A committee of the majority party leaders. They decide when a Bill is important enough to be moved up toward the head of the list--
Yes. Sure. What's a Steering Committee?
Do you really think we're getting anywhere.
The Steering Committee.
What?
What's that?
That's the order of business. Your Bill has to stand *way* back there in line unless the Steering Committee decides it is important enough to be--
Calendar?
Yes. They give it to a *sub*- committee, where they really give it a going over--hold hearings--call in people and ask questions--then report back to the bigger committee--where it's considered some more, changed, amended, or whatever. Days are going by, Senator. Days--weeks. Finally, they think it's quite a Bill. It goes over to the House of Representatives for debate and a vote. *But* it's got to wait its turn on the calendar--
Some committee's got it.
Good. Where are we?
Yes, I see that.
Look--committees--small groups of Senators--have to sift a Bill down-- look into it--study it--and report to the whole Senate. You can't take a Bill no one knows anything about and discuss it among ninety-six men. Where would you get?
Why?
That's how Congress--or any large body--is run. All work has to be done by committee.
Why?
Committee.
Committee, huh?
You get to your feet in the Senate and present it. Then you take the Bill and put it in a little box-- like a letter box--on the side of the rostrum. Just hold it between thumb and forefinger and drop it in. Clerks read it and refer it to the right committee--
How?
Uh-huh. Well, dinner comes in on trays. We're executives. And we light into this. It is dawn. Your Bill is ready. You go over there and introduce it--
Oh--dinner. Yes. Well, I'm hungry, too. I thought--maybe--we could have something brought in--you know, like big executives who eat off trays. You see, we've got to light into this and get it going--
Tonight.  Look--uh--I don't want to seem to be complaining, Senator--but in all civilized countries, there's an institution called *dinner*--!
Tonight.
A *day*!
Oh, just a day--
Oh, yes. And *I'm* helping. Simple-- and I'm helping. So we knock this off in record-breaking time of--let's say three or four days--
And with your help--
I see. *This* one is so simple--
Oh, but this one is so simple.
Fine. Now, what does he do? He's got to sit down first and write it up. The where, when, why, how--and everything else. That takes time--
Right.
If I were *triplets*, I couldn't--. Look, Senator--let me give you a rough idea. A member has a Bill in mind--like you--a camp. Right?
I know--but you--you're going to help.
My dear Senator, have you the faintest idea of what it takes to get a Bill passed?
Yes. Sure. It was his idea. *I* should have been the one to think of it--
Pardon me. Senator Paine decided this *with* you?
Sure! A Bill. Senator Paine and I decided it was the one way in the world I could make myself--
One moment, Senator. Do I understand you're going to present a *Bill*?
Why, the Bill--the Bill--to make a National Boys' Camp...
We're going right ahead with--*what*?
Well, then, I--I *thank* you, Miss Saunders! Nothing better could have happened--. Yes *sir*, Miss Saunders, we're going right ahead with it!
I had a lot to do with that little press conference last night--
Punch?
Go ahead--punch.
I mean--gosh--I wouldn't be comfortable in a--I--I haven't got clothes and things like that--and--I couldn't keep pigeons *there*--No--I-- I just--just wouldn't be--
You *couldn't*?
No, gee--I couldn't stay here--
Oh--a wonderful thing--yes. Get you right in the mood--yes--yes.
Go out to Mount Vernon. It'd be a sort of fine thing to do--see Washington's home just before walking into the Senate for the first time-- don't you think?
No. What had you better--?
Gosh--that'll be something! You know what I better do in the morning?
With or without 'em.  Twelve--noon. The Senate convenes at twelve o'clock.
Convene--that's it--yes. I got to pick up some of those parliamentary words. I imagine a fellow can get pretty lost in the Senate without 'em--
Convene?
Tell me, Miss Saunders--what time does the Senate--uh--what do they call it?
You--uh--you better relax, Senator. You'll be plumb wore out.
The Capitol Dome! Lighted up!
I wouldn't know in the *day time*.
Whose statue is that?
Yes--I think maybe you'd better.
Now, if you're ready, Senator, we can start for the hotel. I'll *see* that you get there.
Well--he's got nothing on me.
I don't believe I've been so thrilled in my--oh, and that Lincoln Memorial! Gee! There he is--Mr. Lincoln--looking right at you as you come up the steps-- sitting there like he was waiting for someone to come along--
Most natural thing in the world!
--big as life--sparkling away there under the sun. I--I started walking toward it--and there was a bus outside-- and--well--I--I just naturally got aboard--
The Dome--the Capitol Dome--
There *what* was?
One of those sightseers--you know. You see, I--gosh, I've never been called absent-minded or... but there it was all of a sudden--looking right at me through one of the station doors--
Did you say--bus?
Gee, I'm sorry. You see, it wasn't until I was fairly well along in the bus that I realized--
Pleased to meet you, sir.
Yes, I'm Saunders--and this is Mr. Moore--a member of the press. Meet the *Senator*, Mr. Moore.
Gee--I'm sorry about that, Miss--you *are* Miss Saunders, aren't you?
Oh, no--no!  My dear *Senator*--it may be customary out on the prairie to take French leave of people and not be heard of again for five hours--
Is--is something the matter?
J-Jefferson Smith.
What's your name?
No!
The man downstairs said number--
*No*!
Office of--Senator Smith?
What is it?
If you thought as much of being honest-- as you do of being smart--!
Whoa! Hold it! Pipe down! Come on, now--that's enough of that.
That's what I said--the *truth*!
The truth! Well, the man wants the truth! "What *is* truth?" asked so-and-so, and turned away!
*Gentlemen*! Gentlemen are supposed to believe in something decent. Instead of twisting facts and making a joke of everything--why don't you tell the people the *truth* for a change?
You see--if we could take the poor kids off the streets--out of cities-- a few months in the summer--learn something about Nature and American ideals--
A camp! Well!
Well--for a couple of years now--I-- I've thought it would be a wonderful thing to have a National Boys' Camp out in our State--
Ah! That's more like it! What?
Hold on, fellows--I'm not used to more then one question at a time--
Tell us about yourself, Senator! Hear you got a Boy's Club back home! Any ideas? Going to make things hum in the Senate, huh?
No! No! Gosh. See, there you are! I'm not making sense!
You're not going to take your *suit* off!
Funnier things have happened. Ma says when Pa was courting her, he acted strange for months. Didn't make sense--or anything. And one day, on a hunch, Ma said: "Clayton, so help me, you talk like a man whose collar is too tight to bear." "Not the collar, Mary," he said, "my shoes." "Well, for land's sake," Ma said, "Take the pesky things off!" Which Pa did, an' they were engaged within a week.
Well--I--
It's just as well to tell you--because if we're going to get off on the right foot--I mean--in case I act sort of strange--it's the suit.
Well! You don't say!
Oh, the bill. Oh--splendid--I mean--  I--I just can't seem to talk in this suit.  I'll tell you a secret. It's brand new.
And how's your bill, Senator?
That's--that's splendid.
I'm splendid, too.
Uh--that's good. And--uh--you?
Splendid.
I--I'm awfully glad to be--that is, it was nice of you to--  Uh--how's your father?
Goodnight, Senator--
Well, goodbye, sir--and thank you again.  Well--it--it was nice seeing you, Miss Paine--
No--I mean--yes--that is--
Then you *did* say it.
Oh--you are!
Did you hear, Father? He didn't mean it when he said I was beautiful.
Fine--they're fine.  Oh, Miss Paine, I--I want to apologize-- what the papers said I said about you--that wasn't true. I--I would never say a thing like that.
How are the pigeons?
How--how do you do, Miss Paine?  I--I apologize for looking like this-- I--I have to be going now--
Well, we *must* see a lot of you, Senator. Come, Father.
Sure.
Wonderful!
Just for the fun of it.--You see the one that makes it back home in the fastest time, I am going to enter in the nationals.
If the Senator permits this motion to recess he will not have the floor in the morning to babble or anything else, unless he is recognized first by the Chair.
Well, now--I wouldn't know about that. Mr. President--what happens to me in the morning--I mean about my having this floor to go on babbling?
The Senator will please suspend until order is restored in the chamber.
"--We hold these truths to be self- evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights--"  Well--looks like the night shift's comin' on.
Ring the call to quorum.
Uh--Mr. President--you and I are about to be alone in here, sir. I'm not complaining for social reasons, but it'd be a pity if the gentlemen missed any of this.  Mr. President--I call the chair's attention to Rule Five of the Standing Rules of the Senate Section Three. "If it shall be found that a quorum is not present, a majority of the Senators present--," and that begins to look like me--"may direct the Sergeant-at-arms to request, and if necessary *compel* the attendance of the absent Senators."  Mr. President--*I so direct*.
Mr. President--I stand guilty as *framed*! Because Section Forty is graft, and I was ready to say so. I was ready to tell you that one man in my state--Mister James Taylor-- was putting that dam through for his own profit!
Order, gentlemen!
That is merely your *impression*, Senator. The Chair has yet to settle the question to its own satisfaction!
You were about to recognize me, sir--
However, Senator Smith is still a member of this Body and as such has equal claim on the attention of the Chair--
Yes, sir--
The Senator understands he is limited to five minutes?
I--I'm sorry, sir. I--I have a bill--
The chair recognizes the rather strong- lunged junior Senator, Mr. Smith.
Senator, you can talk all you want to, now.
"So help me God."
"I do solemnly swear--that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States--against all enemies, foreign and domestic--that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same--that I take this obligation freely--without and mental reservation and purpose of evasion-- and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God."
The Senator has no voice in this chamber until the oath of office has been administered!
I don't understand, sir! I don't know what the gentleman--
Yes, *sir*.  Let's *go* Henry.
Yes. Washington laid the cornerstone though--wearing an apron for the ceremony that was embroidered by Madame Lafayette--
Oh--you're *sure* of that now?
I said--I mean--Washington didn't live to see it finished. Congress didn't move here from Philadelphia till eighteen hundred.
How's that, buddy?
Since the time of Adams--not Washington.
Well--I can *manage*--
Yeah! How about it? You're a nature lover. Do you handle any of that sign language?
Great!  The Government's putting dough in too many places *now*!
Oh--nothing--nothing. My idea is-- for the Government to lend us the money--and the boys'll pay it back-- sending in a penny or a nickel--no more than a dime--no, gosh--the Government's got enough on its hands without--
Marvelous! And what would this camp set the Government back?
Well--I have got *one* idea--
A pet idea--you know--pension bill-- save the buffalo--you've got *one* notion you think would be good for this country, haven't you?
Ax?
Swell!
Well--I haven't needed much law so far--what I'd like to get first is a little common sense--
One moment, friends, let's give the Senator a break.  Now, where'd you say you studied law?
Why, he's a Senator, isn't he? I'm surprised at you, Mister McGann-- 
What does he want to--? What's *he* doing writing a Bill?
A Bill! Not *him*!
The Head Man's writing a Bill.
What do you mean? What's going on?
I wouldn't wait if I were you.
Yeah? Well, when I get my hands on a red-headed doll with a southern lingo, I'll--
My, my--you sho' are pahwerfully upset, Mister McGann--but you' awfully cute.
Whaddaya mean! What did *I* have to do with it? I don't blame the guy.  Wow! Twenty-four hours in this town and nothing but dog-fights! And things aren't bad enough--last night I have to get a run-around from some wise dame--
That's what he's been doing since last heard from.
What! Who?
How'd you like a punch in the nose?
Well! Hear anything? Any sign of him?
Shut up! You've *got* the man pilloried! Do you have to dance around him like a cannibal--!
Your Ranger's on the garbage pile, Happy! He's done for!
--now he wants to talk to the Congressmen from the Willet Creek districts--he's run their names down--
Saunders! I'd like to tie her in a sack and drop her from the Brooklyn Bridge--
--I've used every argument in the world to try to turn him off. He just keeps coming back to the dam-- and what he knows--
Joe--listen--all Susan has to do is turn those big eyes on him--he'll fall all over himself--just keep him out of there *one afternoon*--while they read that bill--
Jim's methods won't do in Washington.
Well, then--this is too much for *my* lame brain. I'm calling Jim Taylor.
My daughter isn't here to carry out assignments like that for *anybody*.
Susan!
That won't work, Chick. This boy's honest, not stupid.
Listen--tomorrow I take him to see monuments--if I have to hit him over the head with a couple!
I know that.
Tomorrow! Joe--he'll hear the section on Willet Dam. He can't be there!
Be quiet, Chick--I'm trying to think--  This Deficiency Bill is going to be read in the Senate tomorrow.
Joe--I'm getting leery of this guy. We keep calling him dumb--and he keeps winding up in our hair! I'm telling you--when he finds out there's a dam going up where he wants his camp, he's gonna start asking questions six ways from Sunday--
--amazing coincidence! Of all places in the world--to choose Willet Creek for his boys' camp!
That's dynamite, Joe!
Let's get away from here. 
Did I hear right? Did he say *Willet Creek*?
Yes--a camp bill that will never get beyond a first reading. So calm down, Chick--and--goodnight.
Joe! You *told* him to!
What's the matter?
Joe--drop everything and come with me!
Listen, Joe--at least--after a day like this--I got one good bust coming before I start showing him monuments--
Eleven B Street, Northeast. Take his bags and your own right over--and get yourself a room in the same place--
I've got 'im, Joe. Be right along.
Chick--
Jeff--meet Mr. Cook and Mr. Griffith-- members of our State headquarters here.
H'ya, Carl--h'ya, Bill!
Here, I'll take a dozen of those things. Miss Paine.
Here, Jeff, I'll advance it for you.-- Fine introduction to the nation's capital!
Fine thing Jim Taylor wished on me-- show him the monuments--I need this job like I need ten pounds.
You can't find it in racing forms, Chick.
Okay. See you here.
Well, that's out. Either it's *lots* of reporters and *lots* of tickets or--. Now will you go and call 'em before I change my mind about the whole thing!
Hey--I wanna *scoop*!
Look, Nosey--your pals would like to get in on this, wouldn't they?
Well, well!
What do I *mean*, huh? Uh--*I'll* tell ya--World's Series--a pass! In a month it's worth fifteen bucks!
Saunders--it's meat and drink--lemme at 'im! Five minutes--! I'll make it right with you!
Go away, Nosey.
Who? Who? Your boss! A nut, huh? A nut! Wow! There's a *story* in this guy--! I smelled it!
He did it.
Every word that boy said is the truth! I'm not fit for office! I'm not fit for any place of honor or trust in this land! Expel me--!
So I go right back where I was-- carrying compromises--covering up-- back to political tricks--this time for--! No! I was just getting rid of all that. If I did *anything*, I ought to go and tell him to stand up and--. No! I don't want any part of it! Smith or anything else! I'm all through. I want to be left alone!
It's too late now--it's *impossible*!
*Me! Me*! I *still* don't see why I should--! If you love him so much, why don't you go to him yourself and-- ? Or better still--get up in that Senate and *fight* for him!
I thought I could, too.  *My* business--this fine future! I have no future I *care* about, if this boy is broken! I--I can't sleep. The only important thing in my life now is to save what I can for him. I want him to get a start again--I'll see that he's taken care of as long as he lives--!  Saunders--whether you ever mean anything to him or not--
All right--*yes*! And what does that make me to him? *Nothing*! I've got to go about my own business--and forget it!
Do you?
What are you talking about? What difference--?
But--you love him, don't you, Saunders?
Well--me, too!
He's lost complete faith in me--
Why don't you do it yourself?
Yes--
What are you driving at? You want *me* to get him to sign that?
Saunders--it's going to go pretty bad for Jeff tomorrow. There's only one thing that can be done for him now--  I--I've written his resignation. He resigns under protest--denying all charges. No one will ever be sure if he was guilty or not. It leaves him with at least a shred of honor. The other way--branded openly in the Senate--expelled--he'll never live it down. Rather a simple compromise than utter ruin. In a year--the whole thing might be forgotten--
What do you want, Senator?
I see. All right. You finish this job properly--and you get a handsome bonus besides--
Well, when I first came to Washington, my eyes were big, blue question marks-- now they're big, green dollar marks--
What do you mean?
Yeah?  And what else?
You deserve a lot better. And I'll tell you what we'll do. Stay and play nurse, as you say--and if certain things happen I'm taking everybody up with me, and you'll get one of the biggest jobs in Washington.
Yeah--I see I'm right where I've been for seven years--
You're more than that. I've had example of the fact that wild horses couldn't pull confidential matter in these two offices out of you. That's why I tell you what I do--about Smith and this situation. So, you see--
And I'm an old hand at following instructions--
You see--Governor Hopper made an appointment in this case that--well, Jeff isn't exactly fitted to the work, let's say. He's here to see monuments--and pass the time. That's important to--to my work--and everybody concerned. So, someone who can be trusted has to occupy him and keep him out of trouble--
No?
I meant it for one. I meant--Sam Foley couldn't get along without you-- and neither can I at the moment--
Nice *compliment*!
You're the best nurse I can think of--
Look, Senator--I wasn't given a brain just to tell a Boy Ranger what time it is. What do you need me for? Get somebody else--get a registered nurse--
Oh, now--that won't do--
That's right.
Well--that's very fine.  Saunders, some person in your office says you've quit--
Yes. He went to Mount Vernon to give himself a patriotic address.
By the way, Mr. McGann just phoned-- in a high fever. Smith's gone again. Have you any idea where?
No--I'm sorry. I merely saw him home. I'm not supposed to tuck him in and give him his bottle. That's McGann's job.
No?
The ranger's notices? No idea at all.
Yes. Good morning, Saunders.  Have you--uh--any idea how this happened?
You want to see me, Senator?
Keep doing it! This is the whole works, Joe--we're out of business of bigger than we then we ever were. We can't miss a trick--we can't stop at *anything*--till this yokel's smashed up and buried so deep he'll never--!
I hit him from the floor with everything I knew!
He won't get started! I'll *make* public opinion out there in five hours. I've done it all my life! I'll blacken this punk until--  Joe--your job is back in the Senate-- keep those men fighting him *there*.
And if he can raise public opinion against us--if any *part* of this sticks--
Sure! The fight's in the open now-- to a finish--!
Jim--the boy's talking to that State-- the story is out--!
No--I--I'll take a walk-- 
Hey--Joe! Where you going? We've got to celebrate tonight!
But--if he *does*, Joe--
Maybe he won't get up.
Anything *better* to offer?
It's crucifying him--!
It's in your lap, Joe. Keep an eye on him. If he gets to his feet and says anything--
*I* know what I'm doing! I'll say what I *want*!
You can't say *that* to--
Just a minute, Joe!
Jim!
Congressmen, Radner, Schultz, Diggs--
Glad to know you, Senator. Meet the boys--
Jeff--this is Mr. Taylor.
I'm glad to see you come to your senses. You had me scared there for a minute, thought.  Let him in.
Jim, it's just that I like the kid-- I don't want to see you get too rough on him.
Oh, it's all right--it's all right. It seems a shame, though, to part company like this after all these years, especially now with a national convention coming up. Joe, I've put everything I have behind you. And so did all of our friends, but I guess we'll survive. We'll just have to find somebody else that's got a little more sense, that's all. In the meantime, you explain to Mr. Smith about Willet Dam. It's your bill-- it's your reputation, and if he can't find enough facts to break you with, you just send him to me and I'll give him a couple of good ones. I'm taking the next plane home.
Jim, you don't have to--
Oh, I see. Out steamroller methods are getting too hard to your sensitive soul, is that it, Joe? The Silver Knight is getting to big for us. My methods have been all right for the past twenty years, Joe, since I picked you out of a fly-specked hole in the wall and blew you up to look like a Senator, and now you can't stand it. Well, maybe you won't have to stand it, Joe. Maybe we can fix it so you and your Boy Ranger can go home together.
I don't want any part of crucifying this boy.
You won't stand for it?
Jim, I won't stand for it.
Well, what do you want me to do? Stand around like you chump and let that drooling infant wrap that Willet Creek Dam appropriation around my neck. Either he falls in line with us and behaves himself or I'll break him so wide open they'll never be able to find the pieces.
Oh, Jim, that's beside the point. This boy's different. He's honest and beside he thinks the world of me. We can't do this to him.
Steamroller stuff, Joe? My methods don't go in Washington? They've done pretty well by now, haven't they?
Jim, you can't come here and pull that steamroller stuff. Your methods won't do here. This boy is a Senator, however it happened, he's a Senator. This is Washington.
What do you think?
Wait a minute--Jim--you didn't ask *Smith* over here!
That's him. Let him in.
Chick--turn the ballyhoo boys loose on this right away. Greatest appointment ever made. A banquet-- declare a holiday.
A young patriot?--Who recites Jefferson and Lincoln?--turned loose in our nation's capital? I think I can.
Joe--do you mean to say--do you think you can actually *handle* this--this whatever-you-call-it in Washington?
Wait a minute, boys. Happy may have hit on something tremendous here. Rather than let Miller or anyone else in at this stage, we simply put blinders on this simple son of nature-- and turn him loose on monuments. He's completely out of the way in Washington, and as Happy says, you make political capital out of it at home.
Don't worry about Horace--he'll take orders. Come on--
Well, then appoint Miller--if you're sure he'll take orders.
We can't drop it now, Joe. We bought the land around this Dam and we're holding it in dummy names. If we drop it or delay it--we are going to bring about investigations, and investigations will show that we own that land and are trying to sell it to the State under phoney names. No, Joe, in my judgment the only thing to do is push this Dam through--and get it over with.
Jim--if what you say about the future is remotely possible--why not do as I say--drop things like this dam?
Joe, that's coming a long way in twenty years since I met you practising law down there in Main Street.
Joe--what's the matter with you-- where you're concerned, I wouldn't take the slightest risk--'specially now after the great reputation you've made in the Senate. Why, look at this campaign I've started for you in all my papers. You're the logical man from the West on the National ticket--at the convention, anything can happen--
I know, but is it worth the risk of a scandal now that a new man is going to the Senate?
Joe--I've got a lot of people to take care of in this State.
How much does the Willet Dam mean to you, Jim?
That'd be a crime--after all this work--getting it buried in this Deficiency Bill as nice as you please-- approved--all ready to roll--
Jim--suppose we didn't try to go through with this Willet Creek Dam-- suppose we postpone it until the next session of Congress--or drop it altogether--
That's why I say Miller--Horace Miller. He jumped through hoops for the machine before we moved him up to the bench. He'll take orders.
--in other words, Jim--with this Willet Creek Dam on the fire--the man who goes to the Senate now in Sam Foley's place can't ask any questions or talk out of turn. We must be absolutely sure of him.
That Happy Hopper is tougher to handle than a prima-donna.
And Honest Abe's ideals. A rare man-- these days.
What! Not Ol' Honest Abe!
Well, at the expense of some of the furniture, Susan--you've made another conquest.
How nice. How do you do, Senator?
Jefferson dropped in for a minute, Susan.
Father--oh.
Listen, Father! "Young Lochinvar smitten with Susan Paine"!
Do I actually *see* this--?
Such pretty knees for a big boy!
His first 'whiff'!
I'm afraid we won't have room in the car, Father. Senator Smith can follow with Mr. McGann and the pigeons.
All right, we'll take Jeff with us--
How nice.
I don't care to meet anybody until I get paid--come on--come on. One dollar each, please, for the Milk Fund.
Here, here, Susan--this is Jeff Smith-- our new Senator.
Page boys!
Is there objection?  You may proceed, Senator.
Will Senator Smith yield to his colleague?
Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?
Finally, there was only one answer to a man like him--the truth--which I rose and gave to this body!  Mr. President--he has told lie upon lie--every lie a desperate attempt to conceal his own guilt. And now, he is trying to blackmail this Senate-- as he tried to blackmail me! To prevent his expulsion, he would probably even try to hold up this Deficiency Bill--vital to the whole country--which must be passed immediately--*today*! *Anything*--to force you to clear his bad name and save his hide!  Gentlemen--I--I have no more patience with this--this *rascally* character. I apologize to this body for his appointment--I regret I had ever known him. I--I'm sick and tired of this contemptible young man and I refuse to listen to him any longer! I hope every member of this body feels as I do!
Order!
--to avoid bringing disgrace upon a clean and honorable State!
Order!
I accuse this man--by his tone--by his careful denials--he is deliberately trying to plant damaging impressions of my conduct--! *I'll* tell you why we were in tht room. Because Mr. Taylor, a respected citizen of our State, had brought with him the evidence against this man, later presented from this floor, and *we were urging him to resign*-- !
It was *I* who rose in this Chamber to accuse him. He is saying that I was carrying out criminal orders on falsified evidence--
Senator Paine will state it!
Order!  Will Senator Smith yield to--?
Will the Senator yield?
Will Senator Smith yield to--?
Mr. President! Will the Senator yield?
I present the credentials of Honorable Jefferson Smith who has just been appointed Senator by the Governor of my state.
Senator Paine.
Mr. President...
