I have given a great deal of thought to that possibility, and I am prepared to face it.  If it should come to war, and I presume that is what you are alluding to, I would rather have war with the Emperor than my own people.
Your Majesty knows my affection for him is deep and genuine, and goes far beyond my official role as Ambassador.  But I would be remiss in my feelings for you, and in my responsibility to the Emperor, if I did not say that it is entirely possible that the Emperor will view your refutation of the terms of the Treaty of Tilsit, as the first step in the exchange of a French alliance for an English one -- with all the dangers that might entail.
My dear Caulaincourt, you have no idea of how compromised my own position has become since Tilsit.  I am blamed by the army for the military disaster at Austerlitz and Friedland, by the nobility for ruining their trade with England, by the merchants who must accept French foods at unprofitable prices, and by the nation for allowing Napoleon to dictate Russian policy.
I am in no position to debate this with you, Your Majesty, but can you imagine what a blow it will be to the Emperor if you should now desert his cause?  It would mean nothing less than victory for England.
It's a fine thing to establish policies but, when they don't work, they must be reconsidered.  Granted that you have hurt England, but she is still on her feet.  And to seal off her trade with Europe, what has it cost you?  You have had to rule with an iron hand.  You have turned friends into enemies.  And even at that, the result has only been partly effective.  You have never been able to stop the extensive cheating, smuggling and corruption -- even of your own officials.  But I should think the situation in Spain, alone, would give your policy a minus balance.  You have had to commit a quarter of a million of your best troops against the guerrillas, with no victory in sight. And you have given England a dangerous foothold on the Continent, for her armies.
I can appreciate what Your Majesty is saying but the Emperor has staked everything on this policy.  He has no other way to attack England, and no one knows more than Your Majesty how his overtures for peace have been rejected.
My dear Caulaincourt, agreements can endure only when they allow both sides to live.  Napoleon may believe it is necessary to injure England but, before that, he must realize it is necessary for him to allow his friends to live.  He cannot expect me to tell my nobles they must ruin themselves so that he can bring England to her knees -- and I'm afraid that is what it has come to.
But, Your Majesty, the very substance of the Tilsit treaty was that you should join the Continental Blockade, boycott English goods, suspend all commercial dealings with her, and be France's ally.  Nothing more is being asked than to comply with the treaty.
It is a thing entirely unknown in diplomacy, that one government should assume a right to dictate to another, who is upon terms of equality, the conditions on which she should conduct her commerce; and, assuming such a right, second it by threatening language, in case of non-compliance.
I am at your disposal, Your Majesty.
General Kutusov, I would like to call a meeting of my cabinet tomorrow morning and have you present this idea to them.  I think it has merit and is worthy of consideration.
If he withdraws his army in good order, it will be a serious political defeat.  But, if he should be caught on the move, with his army, in the full grip of winter, then it will be a catastrophe.  If Your Majesty can prolong his hopes for a treaty by silence, be deceit, by any means, for another month, thus postponing his departure, then the graves of his army are already dug in the soil of Russia.
I, personally, am convinced that he will withdraw his army from Moscow, and attempt to establish himself in Poland for the winter.  In the end, he will not allow himself to be cut off from Paris.  But I believe that if he is offered any encouragement, by Your Majesty, he will postpone this decision as long as possible. He is a gambler and he will trust to his luck.
What do you think Napoleon will do?
If I can presume to go into the Emperor's mind, I believe that he has based his entire campaign strategy on obtaining a peace treaty after the fall of Moscow.  When Vienna fell, there was a peace treaty.  When Berlin fell, another treaty.  That has always been the rules of the game.  But what is he to do now if no treaty is forth- coming?  He knows that beyond Moscow, there is nothing, and that, if he withdraws, there remains only a fall into emptiness.
Proceed.
Perhaps it would be even more serious than that, Your Majesty. His European confederation is held together by some very slender threads.  Your Majesty knows even better than I that Austria and Prussia are very doubtful allies, and the Emperor has reason enough to fear that they will turn on him, at the first sign of weakness.
I must confess he would look a bit silly, fighting his way to Moscow and turning right around again.
Your Majesty has grasped the outlines of his problem in much less time than it took me.  This is a crucial point -- and it is a political one, which Your Majesty will be in a far better position to answer than I.  Can Napoleon afford to abandon Moscow without signing even the preliminaries of a peace treaty with you?
Well, one thing immediately comes to mind, if what you are saying is true -- he would merely withdraw his army from Moscow and return to Poland for the winter.
I have no doubt that he has, Your Majesty, but does he have any strong moves from which to choose?
Well, that is a very interesting idea, General Kutusov, but I can assure you that Napoleon is no beginner at this.  Whatever analysis you have done on this situation, I am sure that he has gone over the same ground.
The point is that I don't think Napoleon will sit in Moscow until the spring!  I don't think he can afford to.
Ah, yes -- proceed.
Forgive me, Your Majesty, I am about to make it.
I will accept your assurance, but I'm afraid I don't see your point.
You have my absolute assurance, Your Majesty, that Napoleon does not have the strength to attack St. Petersburg now -- his army is exhausted and ill-supplied, and he would be defeated if he attempted that.
Yes, General Kutusov, I daresay that this has been considered and discussed at great length.  Napoleon would simply spend the winter in Moscow and continue the campaign in the spring.  Another lesser possibility might be to march on St. Petersburg now, although there is some doubt that he has the strength to do this, until he refits his army.
Well, has Your Majesty considered what Napoleon's alternatives might be, if you simply chose to ignore his note?
For the sake of your argument, let us say that is correct.
The point I was trying to make is that I think it is reasonable to say that Your Majesty would not find himself under unbearable pressure, if he decided to make peace with the Emperor, at least at this time.
Rostopchin is a fanatic and he is capable of anything -- however, it doesn't affect what we are talking about.  Please go on.
I have heard that story but I do not believe it.
You know, General Kutusov, there is a very strong possibility that the fire was not started by Napoleon's troops but was organized under the orders of Rostopchin's secret police.
But, since the fire, a completely new spirit has been aroused in the nation.  The French have become an army of criminals, against whom Russia must be avenged, against whom she is now prepared to fight to the death.
Proceed.
I believe I am right in saying that, before the fire, the country had grown weary of the war, and there were few who were interested in continuing the battle.
General Kutusov, feel free to say whatever you like.
If I may, Your Majesty, I would like to offer a dissenting opinion.
I have decided to accept the principle of a negotiation; the terms are not established.
Your Majesty, I have been advised that you have received a letter from Napoleon, offering a peace treaty, and that you have decided to accept it.
Very well, General, what is it you wish to say?
I hope you will forgive me, Your Majesty, for requesting an audience at such a late hour, but I have traveled all the way from Moscow to see you, on a matter which cannot wait.
I know absolutely nothing of war -- and I am still totally dependent upon my generals.
What do you mean?
Ah, my dear Napoleon, sometimes I feel that I am not really an Emperor as you are.
Without a doubt, to estimate the enemy's strength on the battlefield. This is something that is only acquired by experience and instinct. At Jena, there were as many opinions about strength of the enemy as there were generals present.  Murat said there were 50,000, preparing to attack.  Berthier said there were no more than 25,000, about to withdraw. "Berthier sees only what is in the open," Murat said.  "But don't forget there is a second force hidden in the forest."  And so it would always go, each of them would judge things according to his own ability, character and state of mind, at the moment.
Fascinating!  Tell me, leaving aside the question of grand strategy, for the moment, what would you say is the single most difficult tactical skill to master?
You can always tell at a glance whether retreating infantry are being pursed by cavalry, because they hurry along and keep turning around and looking back.  When they are retreating before infantry, they merely trudge along, head down.
I shall tell you in the strictest confidence -- when I was a boy, I had a passion for rafts, and never had the opportunity to build one.
Whatever suggested the idea to you?
I'm glad you like it.
I think it's absolutely charming.
Ah -- you approve?
And, what a delightful idea!
And, what a great pleasure it is, indeed, to meet you, Alexander.
Look, let me be completely open with you, I have a carriage and an escort waiting for me, and I have a great deal of money outside of France. Unless we stand a very good chance of carrying this off, I am prepared to call it quits right now.
Our lives, the revolution, my career?
You realize what is at stake?
I'm not insulted.
I must be honest with you.  I first approached three generals more senior than yourself, and they all very prudently sent excuses.
Fair enough.
In every practical sense, yes, but, officially, of course, I would have to retain command.
Are you proposing to transfer command to me?
Would you be prepared to handle this for me?
The numbers are not particularly relevant.  You are not up against soldiers -- this is a mob, and they will run as soon as things become sufficiently unpleasant.
These are odds of 8 to 1.
Properly arranged, yes.
Is this enough to oppose 40,000 men?
You could have them here by daybreak.
Well, I believe there are at least 30 guns at Sablons.
Where are they?
There are none here.
Any cannon?
The 21st Dragoons, about two or three-hundred troopers.
Cavalry?
About 5,000 troops.
What forces do you have at your disposal?
I don't even know whether a defense is possible.
Are you serious?
To be perfectly honest, I haven't the vaguest idea.
What do you have in mind?
We expect an attack on the Convention tomorrow morning, at daybreak, and I have been placed in charge of its defense.
Things are quite serious, I should say.
I don't have to tell you of our latest difficulties.
No, thank you.
Thank you for coming.  Would you care for a drink?
I'm sorry, I was at the theater and I didn't receive your note until I returned to my hotel.
Ah, my dear friend, come in, come in.  Please sit down.
May I come to the map?
Please...
Yes, with all due respect, I do Citizen Barras.
Yes, Captain?  Have you anything you wish to say?
I did, sir.
Yes -- who spoke up?
What cowardice!  What treason! Joseph has ruined everything.  How could they all lose their heads. They knew I was coming up fast. Victory was just within grasp. Come, come, turn your troops around, General Belliard.
I don't know what has happened to Prince Joseph.
And where is Joseph?
I don't know, sire.
Who sent my wife and son out of Paris?
I believe it was arranged by Marshals Mortier and Marmont.  I must explain to you that we have had no orders all day.  Each marshal has been keeping his own position.
But who made this treaty?
I don't know the details of the treaty, sire, Marshal Mortier sent me word of its having been agreed to, and he said that I was to take the army and make for Fontainebleau.
A treaty?  Don't be ridiculous. What treaty is this?  Who made it? Who has been giving orders?
But, sire, Your Majesty would lay Paris open to being sacked.  The enemy is outside the gates with more than 120,000 men.  Besides this, I left the city under the terms of a treaty and I am forbidden to reenter Paris.
The Empress, your son and the whole court left two days ago for Rambouillet.  Marshals Mortier and Marmont are probably still in Paris, completing the arrangements.
But where are my wife and son? What's become of them?  Where is Marmont?  Where is Mortier?
Unhappily, it is true, sire.
Paris has surrendered?!  I don't believe it.
Paris is evacuated, sire.  The enemy is to enter at nine o'clock tomorrow morning.  The National Guard is on duty at the gates.
And who is defending Paris?
It is on this road, sire, following me.
And where is the army?
They are at the gates of Paris, sire.
Well, Belliard, what's this?  What are you doing here?  Where is the enemy?
I wanted to kiss her, but she didn't want to kiss me... She slipped away, the moment I wanted to take her in my arms.
No, sire... I was asleep.
She was sitting there... and it was as if I had last seen her only the night before... She hadn't changed -- she was still the same -- still completely devoted to me... and she told me we were going to see each other again and, never again, leave each other... She has promised me. Did you see her?
Yes, sire?
I have just had the most vivid... dream... about Josephine.
Bertrand, sire.
Who is there?
I suppose I might blame her for opening her house to the men most responsible to my downfall, but how can I?  She was on her own again, she had to look after her own affairs, and how can one blame her for having her head turned by the attention of Kings?
I have never heard an unkind word about her spoken.
Ah, my poor Josephine.  She was the most alluring, most glamorous creature I have ever known -- a woman in every sense of the word, and she had the kindest heart in the world.  She may have been a liar and a spendthrift, but she had something that was irresistible -- she was a women to her very fingertips... How impossible it is to believe that she is dead.
That is incredible.
She should have had Larrey or Corvisart.  They might have saved her... But why didn't anyone even write to me?  Can you believe that no one even bothered to write to me? Would you have believed that I should read such news in a newspaper?  How incredible!
I don't know, sire -- she had the Tsar's personal physician.
But did she have the best doctors? Wasn't there any chance at all to save her?
It is a terrible shock.
Josephine dead -- how unbelievable! How impossible it is to believe it. She was always physically so strong -- she was never ill a day in her life.
Let me see it.
This dispatch has just arrived from Aboukir, marked highest priority, for General Bonaparte's eyes only.
Come in.
Excuse me, General Bonaparte, but I believe this is an extremely urgent matter, requiring your immediate attention.
Come back in an hour.
General Bonaparte?
Oh, shit, that's not right.
To Joseph Bonaparte -- Dear Joseph, I have been informed by my wife of the cold and spiteful treatment she has been receiving at the hands of my family, since my departure.  I am also informed that you have refused to pay over to her any of the money I left with you expressly for this purpose.  Must you, too, take this opportunity during my absence to indulge the petty jealousies of the Bonaparte family?
Read it back.
You may go, Captain Charles.
Thank you, sir.  I will do that.
You will return to Paris tomorrow and you will carry my compliments and thanks to General Le Clerc for assigning such an excellent officer to carry out a responsibility which has meant so much to myself and to Madame Bonaparte.
Thank you, sir.
Then, you have my thanks, Captain Charles, for safely escorting Madame Bonaparte to Milan, and you may consider your assignment completed.
No, sir, none at all.
Did any difficulties of any kind arise during the trip?
Yes, sir.
Was the trip normal in every respect?
Yes, sir.
Was it he who assigned you to command the escort which accompanied Madame Bonaparte's coach?
Yes, sir, I am.
Captain Charles, I believe you are one of General Le Clerc's aides-de- camp.
Yes, sir, I had the honor of meeting them on the trip from Paris.
I believe you are acquainted with my brother, Joseph Bonaparte, and my aide, Major Junot.
I see...
Just a minute, General.  Listen, don't let them fool you with all their grand la-de-da.  They've all made their money from the war -- mostly from crooked war contracts. They say Citizen Barras has put away millions.
I thought not.  I noticed you by yourself, all night.
Ah-hh, no.
You don't know many of Citizen Barras' friends, do you?
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
That's a nice city.  This is your first time here, isn't it?
No, they're living in Nice now.
I haven't been back for ten years. Is your family still there?
I haven't been there for three years.
Have you been back recently?
Ajaccio.
Bastia -- and you?
Oh -- where do you come from?
I thought so, I noticed your name when you were announced.  I'm Corsican too -- my name is Arena.
Yes, I am.
Yes, sir.  I hope you will excuse me for asking, General Bonaparte, but are you Corsican?
A glass of champagne, please.
Yes, sir?
My God -- don't you recognize Mouton -- our regimental dog?  I would rather eat Cossack.
When you eat him, may I have some?
His paws are frozen and he cannot walk.
Why are you carrying the dog?
Ah, Didier -- you are alive.
Hello there, Picart.
My God -- this could be very bad for us... very bad, indeed.
From what we can tell, there are hundreds of agents, all over the city.  The combustibles seem to have been carefully placed beforehand, and all the fire-engines have been removed from the city.
But to start a fire like this in five hours -- how is it possible? It would take a carefully organized plan, tons of combustibles and hundreds of people.
We have already captured a dozen incendiaries, convicts, released just two days ago.  They said they were acting under orders of the secret police.
Impossible, I don't believe it.
Our troops have no part in this.  It has been started by the Russians!
I told Mortier that he would answer with his life for any looting.
It is the work of incendiaries.
How did it spread so quickly?
At first, it hardly seemed more than a routine fire.
Why didn't you wake me then?
The first reports came in at about ten.
When did it start?
My God, what a fire!
Four o'clock.
My God...!  What time is it?
May I suggest that we can prepare and sign the agreement, between ourselves, subject to the approval of the two Emperors.  Believe me, my dear friend, your Archduchess, Marie-Louis, may very well hold, in her hands, the future of our two countries.
But, my dear Duroc, how can I act without guidance from Vienna?  I haven't the slightest idea of how the Emperor Francis might feel about this.
No one can say how the Emperor's thoughts work, Ambassador, and unless we move quickly, he might change his mind again.
But this is not a matter which can be settled tonight, surely?
Earlier this afternoon, the Emperor refused the hand of the Grand Duchess Anna, of Russia, and, as I'm sure you can appreciate, he is quite able to change his mind again.  For the Emperor, to choose a wife, is only a matter of minutes.
What is that?
The Emperor has decided to marry your Archduchess, Marie-Louise.
Oh?
I beg your indulgence, Ambassador, but it is.
Yes, I have, and I hope you will forgive me, Duroc, but unless your visit is extremely urgent, I shall have to ask you to excuse me until tomorrow.
Indeed you have, Ambassador.  Have you sent for a doctor?
Ah, good evening, my dear Duroc. I'm afraid I've been out hunting and I have had a rather bad fall.
Good heavens, Ambassador -- what has happened?
You realize, of course, that thousands of swords have been collected.  How do you expect me to find yours?
My father's sword means more to me than any other possession I have.
Well, then, you have a lot of initiative, my young friend.
No, sir.
Does your mother know you have come?
He said no one had the authority to rescind the order except you.
And he sent you to me?
I told the Lieutenant my late father was General Alexander de Beauharnais, and asked if there was any consideration that might be given to his memory.
A sword is a weapon whatever else you might wish to use it for.
This morning, a Lieutenant and three soldiers came to our house and asked if we had weapons.  I explained we had only my late father's sword, which, in fact, was not a weapon but only a keepsake of memory.
That is correct.
I believe you issued an order that all citizens of Paris must hand over any weapons that they have in their possession.
I have met her.  What is your business with me?
Yes, sir.  Are you acquainted with her?
I am, Citizen.  Is your mother Madame Josephine de Beauharnais?
Good morning, sir.  Are you General Bonaparte?
Good morning, Citizen de Beauharnais.
Ah, well, that is the first rule of warfare.  You must wear long-sleeved and long-legged underwear.  You can never conjure up brilliancies with a cold bottom.
No -- not as a rule.
Francis, may I ask whether you wear warm winter underwear?
Thank you, Napoleon.
I'll have the fire built up.
Thank you.
Would you like some brandy?
I'm afraid I am, just a bit.
My dear Francis, you do seem extremely uncomfortable.
But he asked me to say...  on his behalf... that your achievements have increased his...  admiration for you, and that he believes... your success is predestined by heaven...  and that his army...
I see.
I'm afraid he has been rather upset by the outcome of the battle.
Oh...?
I very much doubt that he will.
Will Alexander be joining us soon?
Yes -- an excellent idea.
Shall we move closer to the fire?
You have made such excellent use of it; I should think you will hate to leave it.
I'm sorry that I am unable to offer you better hospitality, but this is the only place I have inhabited for the past month.
I fear our meeting is long overdue... Napoleon.
Ah, my dear Francis, what a genuine pleasure it is to meet you at last.
Oh, yes... of course.
Please, sir, come into bed or I shall die of a chill.
That's a very nice name.  Where are you from?
Lisette La Croix.
Only Lisette?
Lisette.
What's your name?
Oh, I'm sorry about that.
Br-rrr, these sheets are like ice.
Do you have three francs, sir?
Uh-hh... yes, of course -- if you would like to go... there... but... I have very little money.
Would you like to take me there, so that we can get warm, sir?
Well, it must be a good deal warmer than it is here on the street.
Is it a nice warm room, sir?
No... I have a... room... at the Hotel de Perrin.
Are you staying with a friend, sir?
No, I'm only here on leave.  My regiment is at Valence.
One must take life as it comes -- do you live in Lyon, sir?
Oh, I see... That must be a great burden.
Well, one must do something to live, you know -- and I have an elderly mother who depends on me.
Then what brings you out on such a night?
Yes, I am, sir.
You must be chilled to the bone, standing out of doors like this.
Yes, it must be.
Yes, it is.  It must be one of the worst nights we have had this winter.
The weather is terrible, isn't it, sir?
Good evening, Mademoiselle.
Good evening, sir.
Only as a last resort.  What are the Councils doing now?
Will you use the troops?
My dear Joseph, the only thing that is clear is that my wife is a slut -- and while a man may want a slut for his mistress, he does not want her for his wife.
She will probably appear with a dozen excuses and you will forgive her anyway.
I have no idea.  Her maid said she left two days ago, to meet me -- I can imagine where she is.  But when she finally does come home, she will find her things in the street and my door locked.
When is she supposed to return?
Well, you shall see.
Of course not, but such violence of feeling makes me wonder.
Are you trying to insult me?
Are you sure that you are not still in love with her?
My mind is made up.  She will not set foot in my house again.  I think if I saw her again, I might be tempted to strangle her.
But you can do the same thing in six months.  The next few weeks may be the most important ones in your life.
It is time to clarify the situation. Everything is over between us.
You must not act impetuously.
The comedy of my marriage is sufficiently well known already.
You can't be serious.  It would not be good to become another husband out of a Moliere farce.
I know of no better time.
You know I am only too happy to be of help to you, but surely this isn't the ideal moment to involve yourself in such matters.
The important thing is to find the right lawyer.  One who will not protract the thing indefinitely, in the courts.
And you, Junot?
Yes, of course, I would.  You know I am not one of your wife's greatest admirers, but I certainly know nothing about this.
You would tell me, Joseph, wouldn't you?
No -- Captain Charles commanded the cavalry escort, and rode outside the carriage.  In the evenings, he always ate at another table.  They hardly ever spoke to each other.
Not even the slightest hint of something?
No... nothing at all.
Junot?
No...
Naturally, one does not take much stock in such a piece of filth but, on the other hand, it is not the sort of thing one can simply ignore. What do you think, Joseph?
To Citizen General Bonaparte from one who does not wish to see him dishonored by his wife.  You should know, Citizen General, that your wife has taken a lover, one Captain Hippolyte Charles... undated and unsigned.
I would like both of you to read this.  Please read it aloud.
Ah, well, my dear Madame de Montesquiou, peace of mind can eventually be a substitute for happiness.
And, you seem in excellent health, Your Highness.
Ah, that is good.
I rarely see him, Your Highness, but I believe he is in excellent health, and he is very happy with the child.
Oh... I see.  I understand.  How is... the Emperor?
I am delighted to be of service to you again, Your Highness.  And I can tell you, my instructions came directly from the Emperor, with a caution to be discreet.
Ah, my dear Madame de Montesquiou, you have no idea what happiness it brings me to see this child, at last.  I was told the very idea of such a visit would too much distress the Empress.
Indeed -- well, you may tell Dr. Corvisart, I should be entirely satisfied with half her success.
Oh -- I didn't tell you... I've seen Dr. Corvisart, and he was very reassuring and encouraging.  He has had excellent results with the waters of Plombiers, and he thinks it would be a good idea for me to spend a few weeks there. Apparently, he sent Madame Le Floch there last year, and she gave birth to twins.
Oh, my darling.  I'm sorry, too.  I won't do that again -- whatever you do.  I won't cause you any more embarrassment, I promise.
I didn't mean the things that I said... I was angry and I said more than I meant to.
It's me.
Who is it?
In case of a... surprise attack... at night... I am such a... light sleeper... I could wake you... I could scream.
Not be safe?  What on earth are you talking about?
But you will not... be safe...
Yes.
Separate bedrooms?
Goodbye.
Five minutes.
Yes!!
Five minutes.
I will be there in five minutes.  Go back to your guests.
Will you be joining us, soon?
Oh -- now, this is absolutely ridiculous!  If you don't want to be humiliated in front of your guests, you will return to the table at once.
What are you doing in there?
How should I know.  Ask Roquier -- he's cleaning her dress.
Where is Madame Trillaud?
Don't be ridiculous and go away -- I'm busy working.
I know what you're doing in there.
Go away -- I'm busy.
Open the door.  It's me.
Yes -- what is it?
You are my old friend.
All right -- I promise.
Perhaps -- but tell me you promise, anyway.
Promises mean nothing.
Promise.
I don't understand you.
I don't care, but promise you will never leave me.
I will never forgive you.
Promise me.
I cannot promise you that.
Promise me you will never leave me.
Not in the least.  After all, what is adultery -- only a brief transaction on a couch, requiring a few minutes of privacy.
She must have been in love with you.
Yes.  They were the easiest.  I made love to one of them within ten minutes of our first meeting.
Were any of them married?
One had better legs.
Were any of them prettier than I am?
Yes.
Were they pretty?
No.
Were you in love with any of them?
Of course.
But you have had mistresses while you were away.
No.
And you, are you in love with any one else?
Yes.
Do you expect me to believe that?
Now, I know that I shall die if you leave me.
And now?
I thought I was.  I was confused.
Were you in love with him?
Oh, you must forgive me, General Bonaparte, I'm afraid you will think me incredibly stupid but I know absolutely nothing about this. Eugene is so independent -- he hardly tells me anything any more, and he has so many things in his room, I must confess I wasn't even aware that he had this sword -- you know how boys can be!
No, I'm afraid I never had the pleasure of meeting the General. This sword was taken several days ago from your son by some of my soldiers.
Oh... how very nice of you to bring that for Eugene... Did General de Beauharnais give it to you?
Well, I'm sure that you will be just as pleased to have this as he will be.
Yes, I'm afraid he is.  I believe he is riding.  I know he'll be heartbroken to have missed you.
I hope you will forgive me for barging in on you like this, Madame de Beauharnais.  I called to bring this to your son, but I understand from your charming daughter that he is out for the afternoon.
Yes, of course.  Hortense, darling, will you tell Louise to bring some sherry?
You are very kind, Madame de Beauharnais.  Do you have some sherry, perhaps?
Oh, it's not the slightest inconvenience, General Bonaparte. It is an honor to have you here.
Oh, I don't want to put you to any inconvenience.
May I offer you a drink?
Yes, we introduced ourselves at the door.
Oh... yes, of course!  Have you met my daughter, Hortense?
Thank you, Madame de Beauharnais. You probably don't recall but we met briefly a few months ago, at a party at Paul's house.
Ah, how nice to meet you, General Bonaparte.  One has read so much about you lately.  Please sit down.
I believe so.  I believe Madame Bonaparte was not discreet, in Paris.
And was it so widely known that Joseph had reason for such concern?
I wanted to kill him but Joseph convinced me it would be a mistake. He said people would say you hadn't the courage to deal with it yourself.
Yes, of course.  What do you want?
Can you give me a drink, please?
I questioned the maid, and she admitted Charles had been Madame Bonaparte's lover for several months.
How did you know it was Captain Charles?
Yes.
You mean you heard them making love?
Yes.
You could hear them?
Yes?
I was in her maid's room at an inn we stopped at for the night, outside of Dijon.  It was an adjoining room to Madame Bonaparte's.
How do you know?
I know.
How do you know?
God help me -- yes.
Do you know what you're saying?
My God, what do you think?
What was there to tell?
About Hippolyte Charles.
You couldn't face telling me what?
I couldn't face telling you.
You wrote it.
Yes, I wrote it.
What?
I wrote it.
Yes.
You know that... letter you showed me in Milan -- the one about Hippolyte Charles?
Well, whatever the hell you wanted to do, you are going to tell me everything right now.  Do you understand?!
I didn't want to hurt you... All I wanted to do was to keep from hurting you.  I swear I didn't want to hurt you.
What the hell is the matter with you?
You mean about my wife?!  You mean there are some things better left unsaid about Josephine?!
There are some things... better left unsaid.
Look, Junot, you aren't going to leave this room until you explain yourself.
Let's just say, he looks after your interests.
Now, just a minute.  You have just very clearly implied that there is a reason why Joseph should not give my wife the money which I left for her. I can't possibly allow a remark like that to go without explanation.
That's all I can say.
That's all you can say?  What are you talking about?
Nothing.  That's all I can say.
What are you talking about?
Well, maybe he's only looking out for your best interests.
Why not?
I know that I shouldn't butt into things... that are really no concern of mine... but you shouldn't write a letter like that to Joseph.
Certainly.
Yes... but, first, can I say something to you, as a friend?
All right, thank you.  Please ask him to come here.
He's downstairs -- somewhere.
I must have the breakdown now. Where is Berthier?
I'm sorry, I thought he would give it to you.
Well, he didn't give it to me, and when I ask you to do something for me, return the work to me, not to Berthier.
I thought he would be seeing you before I would, and would give it to you.
Why did you give it to him?
I gave it to Berthier... this afternoon.
Well, anyway, sorry to call you away from the festivities, but where is the breakdown on serviceable vehicles?  I asked for it yesterday.
Yes, I'm sure he's been too busy chasing his whores to be bothered about my wife.
There's probably some explanation.
God damn it, Junot, wouldn't you think I have enough things on my mind not to waste time on a letter like this to Joseph?
Yes, yes, please sit down.  I will be with you in a moment.
I believe you sent for me.
I am afraid, then, I have to ask you both, Joseph as my brother, and Junot as my good friend, whether or not you know anything about this, or whether you saw anything at all during the trip which might make you suspect some truth to it.
No, one cannot simply ignore it.
If you wish to put things on that basis, then I will say good day to you, monsieur.
If I have given you any cause to be insulted, monsieur, may I offer you immediate satisfaction?
Before you quote the rules of the road to me, Major, may I point out to you that you are not in France now, but that you are a guest in Russia.
May I inform you, monsieur, that I am Major Fidon, official courier to the court of the Emperor Napoleon, on my way to our Embassy at St. Petersburg and, in accordance with the rules of the road, no one may overtake or pass me.
No, Major, I merely wish to state that your vehicle appears to be somewhat slower and heavier than mine, and point out that, if you would be kind enough to pull over to one side of the road, I could pass you and be on my way.
Are you trying to provoke me, monsieur?
My regrets, my dear Major, but I believe you have been blocking the road.
Good day, monsieur.  Do you think it is possible for you to tell your driver to stop ringing that bell?
Well, two nice little Swiss boys, who are virgins, decide they will save up their money and go to a bordello.
No.
Do you know the joke about the two Swiss boys who go to a bordello for the first time?
Oh, my dearest child -- you must not worry about anything.  I will teach you everything that you must know.
Papa said only to comply with any request you might make of me.
Did the Emperor or Empress give you any... instructions of any kind... before you left?
Oh, no, I am very happy.  But you must have patience with me... I know nothing at all of what a wife must know.  And I know nothing about men. My papa has never allowed me even to have a pet of the male gender.
Of course, my dear -- how cruel to have been separated from her.  And how strange it must be for you to be here, away from your family and everything you know.
Will it be possible to have my dog, Bijou, sent here?  I was not allowed to bring her and I love her so much.
I only desire what gives you pleasure, my dearest.
I hope you have patience with me.  I do not know how to dance the quadrille but, if you desire it, I will learn.
I am sure you will enjoy the French countryside.
I am told that Fontainebleau has many lovely views.  I know nothing more interesting than a lovely countryside.
You may have anything you wish, my sweet and lovely Marie-Louise.
You are so good to me.  Will you also allow me to have a botanical garden?
Of course, my dear.
Will I be able to play the harp?  It is an instrument of which I am very fond.
Yes, I do -- very much.
Do you like music?
You are much younger, and much more handsome, than your pictures.
And, you, my dear wife, do you find that I resemble my portraits?
Ah, you must forgive me, my dearest Marie-Louise, I saw it during one of my stays at your palace -- at Schonbrunn.
And, where did you see my portrait?
Yes, my dearest Marie-Louise, I am your husband.
Oh, then you are...
Good evening, ladies.  You must forgive me, my dearest wife, but I simply could not wait to see you.
He will stand by his agreement -- I know him better than you do.
Sire, you have only enemies in the court of St. Petersburg, and I fear outside your influence, Alexander will have another look at what he has agreed to.
That is a matter of opinion.
I hope that understanding is worth as much as you think it is, sire. My impression of Alexander is that he is moody and impressionable, capable of acting on sudden impulses which then lead to sudden embarrassments.  He is an unpredictable mixture of idealism and vanity.  You have dazzled him, and you have performed a diplomatic miracle, but Alexander is weak and he is easily influenced by the last one who has his ear.
Alexander and I are friends.  We have reached an understanding.
And where do you place Alexander?
What you are talking about is a gamble on moderation -- when I gamble, I prefer to gamble on force.
What I am talking about is moderation.
My dear Talleyrand, none of the Kings of Europe bear any friendship for France.  It is easy for you to talk of reliable treaties.  The only treaties you have been able to negotiate are the ones I have won on the battlefield.
Not one I should like to rely on. Francis is still smarting under the terms he had to accept after Austerlitz, and he is under great pressure to recover his losses.
We have a treaty with Austria.
England can make no move against you on the Continent without Austria.  A reliable treaty with Austria would end her hopes in that regard.
I very seriously doubt it.  I don't think there is any possibility of making peace with England so long as she sees herself safe from invasion. That is why we must increase the pressure on her economy.  With Russia in the Continental Blockade, England must collapse.  More than 40% of her trade is with the Continent and Russia.
Do you think Alexander has any chance to succeed as a mediator?
That is correct.
Now, the section headed "Secret Clauses of the Treaty" -- Article 14b, provides for Alexander to serve as mediator between France and England and, if he fails to achieve a preliminary agreement within four months, it further provides that Russia is to go to war against England, and close her ports to English trade.
Yes, he has.
Has Alexander agreed to this?
I did not ask her to go to war against me.
Those are extremely harsh terms.
Does she deserve anything better?
Article 46, calls for the virtual dismemberment of Prussia, reducing her population by half and her army to a token force.
Monsieur Varlac, I will count slowly to five, and if you have not begun to get down from the cart by then, I will carry out your execution, on the spot.
I suggest that you leave with your men while you can.
Monsieur Varlac, do not pretend to speak for these good people whom you have misled and inflamed with violent speech.  Now, I order you to come down from the cart.
Citizen Lieutenant, my advice is to leave this town at once with your men.  We do not wish to do harm to our brothers in uniform.
No, Monsieur Varlac, my warrant is only for you.  Now, will you please come down at once.  You will be taken back to Chalon for trial.
Then do you propose to arrest all of us, Citizen Lieutenant?  For I was not there alone.
You may save your philosophy for the magistrate, Monsieur Varlac.  I am only a simple officer in the army, and to me what you have done is called murder, and his always been called murder by honest men.
A revolution is not a polite discussion in a parlor, Citizen Lieutenant.  One does not call it murder to kill such vermin.
Very well, Citizen Lieutenant.  You have come to the right place, for I am Citizen Varlac.
I am looking for Monsieur George Varlac who resides in the Rue de Frelicot.  Do you know him, monsieur?
Good day to our brothers-in-arms. Have you come to join us?
Send him in.
Citizen Bourrienne to see you, sir.
Come in.
Let me have it.
A message from Citizen Fouche.
Come in.
Send him in.
Major Lavallette to see you, General.
Come in.
Show him in.
Yes, sir.
Is he alone?
Eugene de Beauharnais.
What did you say his name was?
A year ago, the whole of Europe was marching alongside of us.  Today, the whole of Europe is marching against us.
On January 1st, 1814, France itself was invaded.  Now, with a small army of raw recruits, Napoleon would have to face the powerful combination of England, Russia, Prussia and Austria, operating against him together, for the first time.  The balance of numbers had tilted irretrievably against him.
With his army of 400,000 men in concealed bivouacs, on a ten mile front, in the forests, bordering the banks of the Vistula river, Napoleon conducted a last minute personal reconnaissance, disguised in the uniform of a Polish lancer.
I know Alexander.  His imagination must be struck by some great, bold, powerful stroke, and he will come back to me, just as he did at Friedland.
If the French army had been commanded at Jena and Auerstadt by a tailor, the King of Prussia would certainly have gained the day.
Led by the warlike Queen Louisa, and her fashion-minded husband, King Frederich Wilhelm, the Prussians still believed themselves cast in the mold of Frederick the Great, and more than a match for Napoleon.  The King had a special collection of 60 splendid uniforms, and was personally involved in the design of all the Prussian army uniforms.
Duroc, I have a bill here for 600,000 francs from Tirot, for building the Imperial throne and six decorated arm-chairs.  The amount is absurd -- and, at least twice too much.
On December 2, 1804, Napoleon was made Emperor of France.  He would later say:  "I found the crown lying in the gutter and I picked it up."
From that moment on, I foresaw what I might be.  Already I felt the earth flee beneath me, as if I were being carried away up to the sky.
Napoleon would soon arouse the resentment of the Directory in Paris, exceeding his authority, making political decisions and treaties like a Roman Conqueror, enlarging his role to ruler of Italy.  Only his tremendous success and ever increasing popularity prevented the Directory from replacing him.
It will scarcely be considered credible, perhaps, but our whole business consisted in eating cherries together.
He made friends with a family called Columbier, and would later write of his first flirtation with their daughter, Caroline.
Life is a burden for me.  Nothing gives me any pleasure; I find only sadness in everything around me.  It is very difficult because the ways of those with whom I live, and probably always shall live, are as different from mine as moonlight is from sunlight.
His moods at this time were complex and varied.
My mother has always loved me.  She would do anything for me.
Napoleon was born at Ajaccio in Corsica on August 15th, 1769.  He had not been a healthy baby and his mother, Letizia, lavished him with care and devotion.  In middle age, he would write about her from St. Helena.
