From Leon!... How is he?... Come, tell us... open it... tell us... how is he?
From Leon.
It's from Paris.
What is it, Ninotchka?
Naturally, Comrade.
Bring me forty-five back.
Thank you, Comrade, thank you.
Well, here are fifty francs.
Have you any money?
Thank you, Comrade.
You can have it for good. It is my wedding present.
Just for the honeymoon.
You want this?
You know I told you that Pavlov and I are going to get married when he comes back from the maneuvers. Would it be asking too much...
What is it, Anna?
Ninotchka, I wouldn't bring this up if we weren't such good friends.
You feel it, though.
They must have wonderful materials to make a thing like this so soft... something you don't even see.
Well, sometimes they're not completely covered but... they don't freeze.
And there?
No, my dear, it is true. That's how they live in the other world. Here we dress to have our bodies covered... to keep warm....
Now, Ninotchka, you're exaggerating.
Yes.
You mean to tell me you wear a different dress for different times of the day?
When you get up you put on a negligee, and then you change to a morning frock.
What do you wear in the morning?
A dress you wear in the evening.
Evening gown?
An evening gown.
As beautiful as that? What else? Come, tell me.
It was very silly.... I would be ashamed to wear it here.
What was it like?
Well, a hat...
Tell me... what else did you have?
No, I left everything in Paris. I just happened to be wearing this.
Ninotchka, you know I am your friend, you can trust me.... Did you bring back anything else?
Thank you, Anna. I'll dry it up here when I wash it next. I should hate to see our country endangered by my underwear.
You know how it is today... all you have to do is wear a pair of silk stockings and they suspect you of counter-revolution.
I see.
When I passed through the laundry yard today I saw all the women huddled around this so I brought it up here. Things like this create a bad feeling. First they didn't know whose it was. Then they saw the Paris label and did it start a commotion! Some said it's what we all ought to wear and others said it's like hanging foreign ideas on our clothesline. It undermines our whole cause.
You should. I'll show you.
I have nothing to hide.
That's just it. It makes people feel queer. I dont' want you to get in any trouble.
I haven't talked to anyone about Paris. I haven't said a word.
Ever since you have been back from Paris...
About what?
And you too, Ninotchka.
You should be more careful, Anna.
I'll tell you later.  That Gurganov, you never know whether he's on his way to the washroom or the Secret Police.
It just goes to prove the theory of our State. If you stand alone it means a boiled egg but if you're true to the collective spirit and stick together you've got an omelet.  That reminds me... have you heard the latest they're telling about the Kremlin?
Well, I've saved up two eggs and each of my friends is bringing his own so we'll manage.
An omelet! Aren't you living a little above your ration?
An omelet.
What are you serving?
A few friends... just a little dinner party.
I know... my heart is sad... but my feet are happy. When all the tanks and guns were roaring over the Red Square I sat here all by myself and played a Beethoven sonata. Not bad at all.  Are you expecting someone?
Too bad... you missed an inspiring day, Anna.
They didn't let me. I am in disgrace. Last week at the performance of Carmen I played a sour note. The conductor got so excited he yelled, "There's sabotage in the string section!"
No, the opera starts an hour later tonight on account of the parade.
Aren't you late?
Good evening, Ninotchka.
Good evening, Anna.
Right now it's on the balcony.
...it may step out of a bazaar... it may wait for you in a corridor... it may hide in the shadow of a minaret....
Imagine, we don't have to whisper any longer.
We are not comrades any more... we are friends, Ninotchka.
I know, but if we can't put in all these wonderful things at least let's put in some imagination.  In that one omelet we'll taste the whole of Paris!
And the surprise is there's nothing in it.
...des raisins de Madère, des framboises... 
Let's fill it with confitures, des prunes...
I should be a swallow! Right now I would be sitting in front of the Café de Paris picking up flakes of French pastry that would melt in my bill.
If you asked him why he left France I bet he couldn't name one good reason.
It is, Ninotchka! It is! He must have been in Paris! You can see it in his whole attitude! He just picked up a crumb of our black bread, shook his head, and dropped it.
That's another thing... it's spring.
Can you blame them?... at least the May Day parade is over.
How nicely you've fixed the table, Ninotchka.
A little more tact... look how nicely she's fixed the table -- all for us.
I can tell you exactly.
If you hadn't given Commissar Razinin such a wonderful report about us, who knows what would have happened?
That's right.
Imagine, for once in our lives we were in Paris and we never went to the Eiffel Tower.
Or we can't go back to Russia!
Or it might be the firing squad!
You must help us, Leon... if you don't win her over we're on our way to Siberia!
Once in Petersburg I was driving down the Nevsky Prospect in my cart and Her Highness in her troika swept down from the opposite direction, and when I couldn't make way quick enough she spat in my face.
Imagine! The niece of the Czar opening the door for us.
That's her.
Positively not!
No, that's not him...
Possibly.
Are we free, Buljanoff?
...and little Lady Beatrice?
And how is Lord Lavenham?
He's a bad man. Sends people to Siberia!
You wouldn't like Razinin.
All right, let's uphold it for another ten minutes.
Comrades! Comrades! Don't let's give in so quickly. After all we have to uphold the prestige of Russia.
I don't want to go to Siberia.
Are you the Buljanoff who fought on the barricades? And now you are afraid to take a room with a bath?
No, that's bad management.
We can say whatever we want. We can shout... we can complain... Look...  The service in this hotel is terrible!  See? Nobody comes... nobody pays any attention. That's freedom.
Let's forget the future... let's stop being sentimental... let's start that omelet.
And if it is too late for you your children will eat it.
Just see how happy the people look... from here....
She's right...  anyhow let's talk ourselves into it.
How many families live here with you?
What a lovely room you have here.
And that's something we owe to Ninotchka.
Let's be happy that we're all alive.
That's right... and we might as well face it.
You know what they say -- there's nothing like home.
Leon, how would you like to have three lifelong friends?
Yes! We could stay with Leon!
What do you mean they might -- they will!
And they might believe her in Moscow.
And Leonitchka! What she said about us...!
For ourselves... we are much happier now since we moved to a little room next to the servants' quarters.
We had to take it on account of the safe.
Yes, he looks like a comrade!
That must be the one!
A telegram from Moscow! It must have been here all day!
What is it?
Misha! Misha!
We like you, Leon -- don't we like Leon?
We don't like Razinin.
But what can we do?... We have to accept.
He's cutting our throat...
They accumulate millions by taking loss after loss.
Capitalistic methods...
We'll just say we had to take it on account of the safe. That's a perfect excuse. There was no other safe big enough.
Now Comrades, I warn you... if it gets out in Moscow that we stay in the Royal Suite we will get into terrible trouble.
Where is your courage, Comrade Buljanoff?
Just a minute -- just a minute -- I have nothing against the idea but I still say let's go back to the Hotel Terminus. Moscow made our reservations there, we are on an official mission, and we have no right to change the orders of our superior.
Why should you be afraid?
Well, gentlemen, I'm afraid our rates are rather high.
May I ask how much your rooms are?
Monsieur.
I am Comrade Buljanoff.
No, no.
Is there anything I can do for you, monsieur?
Who gave you this idea? What is responsible for all this?
We are not only serving good food, we are serving our country... we are making friends.
We have opened a restaurant...
Guest?
Shall we tell her?
I don't know how I can get you out of it this time. How will it end? What will happen to you?
All you have to do is say "open sesame."
Friends... friends, Buljanoff, Iranoff...
With our cream situation what it is, it is Russia which should apologize to the cats.
And there is a Russian saying: "The cat who has cream on his whiskers had better find good excuses."
Don't ask for it, Ninotchka. There is a Turkish proverb which says, "If something smells bad, why put your nose in it?"
Is it possible to bring you back to reality for a moment? I must have a complete report of your negotiations and a detailed expense account.
But, Comrades...
Good old Razinin! Is he still alive? How does he manage?
Don't forget, the day will come when you will have to face Razinin.
I must be stern with you.
It is high time you got out of Russia.
Don't worry... there will be enough.
Comrades... I'm out of the omelet.
I think I need my glasses.
Let's not close our eyes. There are many good things to see here too.
That's right.
Now let's forget everything except that we're together.
Huh?... Why don't you get a haircut, Buljanoff? You all look so wintry, Comrades. And why do we always keep the windows closed?  Isn't it amazing, at home there's still snow and ice and here... Look at the birds. I always felt a little hurt that our swallows deserted us in the winter for capitalistic countries. Now I know why. We have the high ideal but they have the climate... well, Comrades, I don't think I need you any more.
There's something else which I know will appeal to you. A visit to the Paris sewers. They tell me it is extremely instructive.
Yes, Comrade.
You might get me an accurate map of Paris. I want to use my spare time to inspect the public utilities and make a study of all outstanding technical achievements in the city.
Is there anything I can do, Comrade?
With two f's, if you please.
Do you spell Buljanoff with one or two f's?
Yes, Comrade?
Comrade Buljanoff...
We didn't want to get mixed up with lawyers. They are very expensive here. If you just say hello to a lawyer... well, there goes another cow.
You didn't get legal advice?
Which lawyer?
Which part of the room is mine?
This is the apartment we have reserved for you, Comrade Yakushova. I hope you like it.
Very good. The last mass trials were a great success. There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
How are things in Moscow?
Well, if your mother turns against you, you have to look for someone to adopt you.
Boys, boys... don't forget Russia is your mother country. Three sons walking out all at once... that's too much for any mother.
Oh, yes, yes.
Didn't we put up a strong resistance?
Leon... Leonitchka...  Why are you so good to us? 
About this telegram to Moscow. Why should you bother? I'll write it for you.
Well, gentlemen, how about my proposition?
Not that we are giving in one inch, but tell us... what is in your mind?
In any case, gentlemen, a charming, beautiful, exquisite woman. I warn you, if this case comes to trial it will be before a French court, and when the Duchess takes the stand...
The former Duchess!
The Duchess...
You think because you represent the former Duchess...
Very well, Your Highness.
Blue? Let's offset his mood. Find a striped one, and brighten it with a great blaze of tie.
A blue shirt, perhaps?
Shall I draw your bath, sir?
Nonsense. How can you fight the Reds and make yourself agreeable to the Whites if you don't keep up your strength.
That's all right.
Count d'Algout is still asleep.
Good morning, Gaston.
Good morning, Your Highness.
Emphatically not, sir. The prospect terrifies me. Now, don't misunderstand me, sir, I don't resent your not paying me for the past two months, but the thought that I should split my bank account with you... that you should take half of my life's savings... that is really too much for me.
Oh, you're a reactionary! Don't you look forward to the day when you can come in here and stand square on your two feet and say, "Hey, you, d'Algout! from now on it's going to be share and share alike"?
No, sir.
Isn't there any revolt in you? Sometimes when I order you around don't you feel like kicking me in the pants?
No, sir.
I can't follow you, Gaston, isn't it about time that you realized the unfairness of your position? You being my servant? Wouldn't you like to stand on an equal footing with me?
May I add, sir, that it was with great amazement that I found a copy of Karl Marx's Capital on your night table. That is a socialistic volume which I refuse to so much as dust, sir. I view with alarm, sir, the influence over you of this Bolshevik lady.
Ah, there's something poetic about the simple processes of labor. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet... it should be set to music!
Well, sir, if you should do it again, which I hope you won't, please remember the order. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet.
And Gaston, I was happier all day long. I felt I'd contributed something.
Decidedly. Yesterday I was greatly amazed when I came from the market and found that you had made your bed, sir.
Have you?
If you will forgive me, ever since you met that Bolshevik lady I've noticed a distinct change in you, sir.
I am, Gaston.
You seem to be a bit nervous, sir.
I guess it is eight forty-two.
Eight forty-two, sir.
What time have you, Gaston?
I don't feel like any breakfast.
Your breakfast, monsieur.
Go to bed.
Count d'Algout, there have been several telephone...
Good evening, Monsieur.
Good evening, Gaston.
Certainly.
General, would you mind making my excuses at our table? I'll be back in a few moments.
Yes.
You're looking magnificent, Leon...  ...isn't he, General Savitzky?
General, please... if you hear any rumors that I am a charitable person, will you please kill them at their source?
They hope the settlement will bring you a fortune.
Are they indeed? Thank you.
I want you to know all the White Russian exiles in Paris are keeping their fingers crossed about the jewels. They are very interested in the case. Swana suspects her countrymen.
Yes, General Savitzky?
Your Highness...
Thank you, Louis.
Is this satisfactory?
That's perfect!
Only one in the rear, I'm afraid.
It is only a small table but it will be no trouble to put in some extra chairs.
Count d'Algout...
Certainly, Your Highness, this way please... Count d'Algout made the reservation this afternoon.
Good evening, Louis. You seem to be very crowded tonight. Can you manage a table near the floor?
Good evening, Your Highness.
...it is in the air... it may come around the corner as you walk down the street....
There's something in Constantinople... something irresistible....
...the Russia of piroshki... people will eat and love it.
Don't call it desertion. Our little restaurant... that is our Russia... the Russia of borscht, the Russia of beef Stroganoff, blinis with sour cream...
...Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves... into one single hour you can crowd a thousand and one nights.
Ninotchka, we are in the magic East, the country of Aladdin and His Lamp...
That was our idea when we first came. All we thought we would get out of this trip was a Turkish bath, but... we learned better.
Thank you for a wonderful dinner.
Well, I think it's getting late. Good night, Ninotchka.
...so it blows up that big... what they call an Omelette Surprise!
...des petites fraises des bois... de la crème de Bretagne... 
If you close your eyes and listen to our voices we might be in Paris.
It's a real Paris reunion.
Let's do that.
While you eat, you look at the view.
They tell me it has a wonderful restaurant on the second floor.
We avoided luxury and extravagance and today... well, if you were to offer us a glass of champagne, we wouldn't say no.
We don't blame you, Leon, but when we came from Russia we believed in simplicity...
How can you find somebody without knowing what he looks like?
This is a fine thing. Maybe we've missed him already.
It is Thursday!
Halt negotiations immediately. Envoy extraordinary arrives Thursday six ten with full power. Your authority cancelled herewith. Razinin.
Oh, Leon, you are so good.
Leon, my little boy.
What is it, my boy?
Yes, Leon...
Soviet Russia will put all its might behind this case.
That won't help you! You can't intimidate us!
I give you my word! They were confiscated legally!
We can call our ambassador.
These may have been the jewels of the Duchess Swana, but, like all private property, they were confiscated by the State.
You know, Monsieur Mercier, this is all non-sense.
Do we give the impression of people who are pressed for money?
We can wait.
He wouldn't say that. What he would say is "Buljanoff, you can't afford to live in a cheap hotel. Doesn't the prestige of the Bolsheviks mean anything to you? Do you want to live in a hotel where you press for the hot water and cold water comes and when you press for the cold water nothing comes out at all? Phooey, Buljanoff!"
If Lenin were alive he would say, "Buljanoff, Comrade, for once in your life you're in Paris. Don't be a fool. Go in there and ring three times."
I don't want to go to the Hotel Terminus.
Comrades, if we ring nine times... let's go in.
They tell me when you ring once the valet comes in; when you ring twice you get the waiter; and do you know what happens when you ring three times? A maid comes in -- a French maid.
Let's be honest. Have we anything like it in Russia?
Comrades, why should we lie to each other? It's wonderful.
No, no.
You found your way to us and we weren't easy to reach, were we?
I think she covered you with the parasites.
What did she say about me?
She says she won't be intimidated by parasites. She called the Duchess a blood-sucking aristocrat and a blackmailer.
I'll send you a muff.
And if we have to go to Siberia...
Razinin, Board of Trade, Moscow.
Razinin.
What's the name of that Commissar on the Board of Trade?
I just said let's have a little lunch.  Room service.
What proposition?
Oh, no, no. I am not a highwayman, I'm just a nuisance. All I'm trying to do is make things as difficult as possible.
I suppose you expect us to hand over the jewels?
But how will she look? The fashions this spring are very becoming to her. Gentlemen, the judge will be French, the jury will be French, everybody in that courtroom will be French. Have you ever seen a French court when a beautiful woman sits on the witness stand and lifts her skirt a little? You sit down and pull up your pants and where will it get you?
All right, go ahead, get her on the witness stand! What can she say?
Don't look so gloomy, gentlemen. All is not lost. You may have a chance.
Get out of here!
Well, gentlemen... how about a little lunch?
But you can't...
I just want a word with Monsieur Mercier.
If you want to see us you must come later.
My name is Count d'Algout. I telephoned.
We don't want to be disturbed.
You mean you are deserting Russia?
...we have a wonderful electric sign: "Dine With Buljanof, Iranoff, and Kopalski."
Buljanoff, she still has those old- fashioned Bolshevik ideas.
You've done it again and I am responsible. How can you forget yourselves this way? You were sent here to make money, not to spend it.
Now, please, Ninotchka, don't start figuring it out in cows.
But Buljanoff, Iranoff, Kopalski...
Look for yourselves.
Bad news?
Just three people in a room this size? Whew!
Only myself and two other girls. One is a cello player in the opera and the other a street-car conductor.
Brave... that's right.
Come, now, you must not talk that way.... You have to adjust yourselves.... We must be brave.
Too bad we have to waste all that time.
Well, it means another two weeks in Paris.
Two thousand francs. If I stay here a week I will cost the Russian people seven cows.  Who am I to cost the Russian people seven cows?
A cow?
Do you know how much a cow costs, Comrade Iranoff?
A day.
A week?
Two thousand francs.
How much does this cost?
What a charming idea for Moscow to surprise us with a lady comrade.
Comrade.
Comrade Kopalski...
Comrade.
Comrade Buljanoff...
I am Nina Ivanovna Yakushova, Envoy Extraordinary, acting under direct orders of Comrade Commissar Razinin. Present me to your colleagues.
I am Michael Simonovitch Iranoff.
I am looking for Michael Simonovitch Iranoff.
Right away... instantly!
Yes, monsieur.
A Special Envoy is coming from Moscow. He'll occupy the Royal Suite. Move our things to the smallest room you've got.
But, gentlemen, I am afraid...
That's even better.
I'm afraid we have no boxes of that size in our vault, but there is one suite with a private safe...
Oh, yes, but have you a safe here big enough to hold this?
I might be able to accommodate you. Is there some more luggage?
Monsieur.
This is Comrade Kopalski.
Just looking around.
Yes, monsieur?
We can't... but you are so ingenious, Leon...
All right, then make an appointment with her so I can see her!
She doesn't leave her room! She has been locked in for the last two days with lawyers and law books!
Well, boys, I'd like to help you but what can I do? Yesterday I waited six hours in the lobby!
Leon, Leonitchka, she is not going to negotiate! She is going to fight that injunction. She's going to make a precedent of it!
What's new?
If we say that, Leon... we'll be sent to Siberia!
How does this strike you? Commissar Razinin, Board of Trade, Moscow. Unexpected situation here. Duchess Swana in Paris claims jewels, and has already brought injunction against sale or removal. After long and careful study we suggest in the interest of our beloved country a fifty-fifty settlement as best solution. Iranoff, Buljanoff, and Kopalski.
All right -- go ahead... you talk to the lawyer and I'll talk to the judge!
We haven't anything to discuss with you. We'll talk to a lawyer!
Yes... a very slim one. I want to be fair. I don't deny that you might make out some kind of a case.
We may have a chance.
Just a moment.  I hope you haven't closed this deal, Monsieur Mercier. It might bring you into serious difficulties.
Now, monsieur, you have no right...
Don't make it difficult for me. This is no more a pleasure trip for me than it is for you.
...and Kopalski.
We will get that... we'll get everything... maybe a little bit later but we'll get it... We must be patient... Finally we got the spring, didn't we? We got the swallows, and you will get your apfel strudel too.
Yes, a good piece of apfel strudel....
Now, comrades... there is something better in life than crumbs of French pastry.
Even the swallows are back.
The same spring we had in Paris. Just as good.
And it's great! Think what it was a few years ago and what it is now.
Yes, there's no doubt of that...  Just look out of the window and there it is.
Sssh! Once and for all, we're in Moscow!
And your own gas cooker? That's marvelous!  Naturally it's not the Royal Suite...
Well, we're back home.
How are you, you three scoundrels?
No, not a thing. Would you like to go out?
If there is anything we can do for you...
Oh yes, Power and Light. Thank you.
I acted on your suggestion and got in touch with the Power and Light authorities. Whenever you want to visit their plants they are open to you.
You, Comrade Iranoff, go to the Public Library and get me the section of the Civil Code on property.
Yes, Comrade.
We cannot feed the Russian people on your intentions. Fifty per cent to a so-called Duchess!... Half of every loaf of bread to our enemy! Comrade Kopalski, go at once to our Embassy and get the address of the best lawyer in Paris.
We did it with the best intentions...
Will you send me some cigarettes, please?  Comrades, I am not in a position to pass final judgment but at best you have been careless in your duty to the State.  You were entrusted with more than a mere sale of jewelry. Why are we peddling our precious possessions to the world at this time? Our next year's crop is in danger and you know it. Unless we can get foreign currency to buy tractors there will not be enough bread for our people. And you three comrades...
I will not repeat your mistake. I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative.
We dealt directly with the representative of the Grand Duchess. I am sure if we call him he will give you a very clear picture.
I hope so for your sake.  Let us examine the case. What does the lawyer say?
We did our best, Comrade.
I am ashamed to put the picture of Lenin in a room like this.  Comrades, your telegram was received with great disfavor in Moscow.
It's a hat, Comrade, a woman's hat.
What's that?
No, thank you.
Allow me, Comrade.
Why?... Why should you carry other people's bags?
He is a porter. He wants to carry them.
Don't make an issue of my womanhood. We are here for work... all of us. Let's not waste time. Shall we go?
If we had known we would have greeted you with flowers.
Au revoir.
We'll leave these papers here for your further consideration. Au revoir, madame.
Well, there's nothing we can do about it. Why get excited?
Yes. It is unfortunate.
I know, gentlemen, but it is in the hands of the Court. We're helpless, aren't we?
We did our utmost to have it set ahead.
That's two weeks from Thursday...
The hearing is set for the twentieth of this month.
I'm sorry, gentlemen. The other day I heard such a funny story...  It still makes me laugh. It is very funny.  I am sorry. Oh yes... about this injunction...
I'm sorry, sir, but I must insist.
You want me to go in there?
She has been asked to leave the powder room but without success. We would appreciate if you would see to it yourself.
What can I do about it?
That kind of propaganda is bad anywhere, but inciting the attendants of a powder room to go on strike.... Well, if she succeeds the consequences will be disastrous.
Give me another double brandy.
Suspicions... nothing but suspicions!... That's the trouble with you! If you don't let me in I'll stand in front of this office of yours and warn people to keep away from Russia!... I'll picket your whole country....
Or a tunnel or a bridge...
What for... why?
How do I know you don't want to blow up a factory?
On what?
Why should I take a chance?
Now look here... you advertise all over the world that you want people to go into your country and when someone tries to get in, you keep him out!
You're going to force us... huh?
That's impossible! Nobody has the right.... You can't do that!... If you don't give me that visa...
Oh no. No visa.
I must get into that country of yours!
No visa.
Yes!
So it's love which drags you to Moscow.
I want to see a friend of mine... a very dear friend.... It's a personal matter which has nothing to do with politics or social philosophies.... It's a girl.
I think so too.
Listen, I want to be absolutely frank with you. I have no business in Moscow.
But you had!
Believe me, I have no connection with her any longer... I swear I haven't!
The Grand Duchess Swana... active in the White Russian movement?
She must have her little joke.  You're not going to take that seriously.
You believe in our cause?
On the contrary -- I don't want to have anything to do with them.
Are you sympathetic to the former Czaristic government -- the White Russians?
Confess what?
There is no privacy in Russia. This whole thing seems very suspicious. What's the real reason? If you ever want to get into Russia, take my advice... confess!
Private.
What business?
Business.
Why should an aristocrat want to go to Russia?
Don't hold that against me... please!
Count Leon d'Algout... a count!... a nobleman!
Here's my passport.... Please give me a visa. I have to leave for Russia immediately.
Not always... look at me... I've been back twice. 
Pardon me, I am very interested in what you just said -- you mean when an envoy goes back to Russia -- if they don't like what he has done they put him out of the way?
Well, when it is a choice between my personal interest and the good of my country, how can I waver? No one shall say Ninotchka was a bad Russian.
If you don't stay with me, I'll have to continue my fight. I'll travel wherever Russian commissions are. I'll turn them all into Buljanoffs, Iranoffs, and Kopalskis. The world will be crowded with Russian restaurants. I'll depopulate Russia. Once you saved your country by going back. This time you can save it by staying here.
But, Leon, I am only here for a few days.
I won't tell you what came between... I'll prove it. It will take a long time, Ninotchka... at least a lifetime.
The one I got they wouldn't let me read.  It began, "Ninotchka, my darling," and ended, "Yours, Leon."
Trying to keep me away from you! It couldn't be done. Naturally I couldn't go on forever punching passport officials in the nose -- but I found a way, didn't I? Darling, I had to see you. I wrote and wrote but all my letters came back.
So -- you're behind all this. I should have known.
They wouldn't let me in so I had to get you out.
So happy and so tired.
Yes, sweetheart. 
Comrades! People of the world! The revolution is on the march... I know... wars will wash over us... bombs will fall... all civilization will crumble... but not yet, please... wait, wait... what's the hurry?  Let us be happy... give us our moment....  We are happy, aren't we, Leon?
Please.
Thank you, Leon... thank you, masses.  Can I make a speech now?
It is their wish.
Is this the wish of the masses?
I give them back to the people...  I make you Ninotchka the Great... Duchess of the People!... Grand Duchess of the People!
They belong to the people.
Come, sweetheart. Let me put it on you. You will teach these jewels. For the first time they will learn how they can look.
Now, darling, don't get impatient, wait until we are married. You know that worthless butler of mine... that reactionary? Some day when I come home to you I may say, "Darling, I drove Gaston to the market and look what I got from him!"
Czar Peter gave it to his wife, Catherine the Great. For it he sold ten thousand serfs in the market.
Who cried that one?
...they are the tears of Old Russia... see that stone?
...but big.
It wouldn't be fair to the man in the street.  There they are... they are terrible things, those jewels....
But I can throw it out of the window.
There it is... Thursday... you can't rip it out of the week....
No, no music.
No music.
Well, it has to warm up... you have to give it a chance... just like people... like you and me... first you wanted to fight me and now we belong to the same party... salute!
It's dead.
Well, then we turn twice to the right and stop at seven...
Yes, sweetheart... all by ourselves.
No, no news. We don't want to know what's happening in the world. We want to be left alone, don't we?
What shall we get? The news!
Oh yes, yes. It has a little knob that turns... a little knob... it must be somewhere around here... yes... here... I see...
It's a little box that you buy on the installment plan and before you tune it in they tell you they have a new model.
Radio! What is radio?
Let's turn on the radio.
I have paid the penalty. Now let's have some music.
All right.
Much happier.
Would that make you any happier?
Everyone wants to confess and if they don't confess they make them confess. I am a traitor. When I kissed you I betrayed the Russian ideal. Leon, I should be stood up against the wall.
I know... it's the Russian soul.
I am so happy. No one can be so happy without being punished. I will be punished and I should be punished.  I want to confess, darling.
Yes... a kiss... salute!
Our salute will be a kiss.
No! No!
...and we won't clench our fist...
No! No!
And we won't stretch up our arms...
Right: Lovers of the world unite!
No, don't let's have it any color... no color... just a house house... let's form our own party.
All right, we'll make it red.
Not white, darling.
Yes... a little white house.
Are we going to build our little house?
No. Nobody will find us.
Don't tell them where we're going, sweetheart.
And I adore you, Ninotchua.
I love you, my little Leonitchka!
No speech.
No speech?
Quite right... yes, yes, yes, but first you're going in that door and you're going to take a little spirits of ammonia and lie down.
They are all Duchesses here... thousands of Duchesses... and I am going to tell them.
Now, Ninotchka... please!
Comrades! Good people of France!
But, darling, you can't do that.
Don't shush me. I am People! I want to make a speech. I want to overthrow the Duchess!
Shhh! Shhh!
I must talk to my brothers!
Darling, darling... please!
Comrades! Comrades!
Yes. Don't worry. Everything will be all right.
Thursday.
What, darling?
Oh, everything is so wonderful! It's getting farther and farther away!
You just made that trip from goats to grapes a little too fast.
Oo! Darling! Something is the matter.
To the loveliest story I ever heard.
You must, darling.
Wonderful -- if one could believe it.
No, darling. I'll tell you another story, a much better one.  The only thing that will be over on Thursday is the lawsuit. There will be no Thursday for us. Not next week or any week. We won't let it happen. I'll tear it out of the calendar. Is that a good story?
Go on.
Well, there were two Scotchmen. One was named McIntosh and one was named McGillicuddy. They met on the street.
You never finished the one about the two Scotchmen with the names.
A funny story?
Quickly, please... tell me one of your funny stories.
And General Savitzky.
How do you do?
There have been cases... but the headache the next morning is worth while -- if you drink it with the right toast.  To us, Ninotchka!
From what I read I thought champagne was a strong drink. It's very delicate. Do people ever get drunk on this?
From goats to grapes. That's drinking in the right direction.
It's funny to look back. I was brought up on goat's milk, I had a ration of vodka in the army, and now champagne.
It's always good luck to launch something with champagne; a battleship... or an evening.
I wouldn't know. The closest I ever came to champagne was in a newsreel. The wife of some president was throwing it at a battleship.
My darling.
Leon, don't ever ask me for a picture of myself... I couldn't bear the thought of being shut up in a drawer... I couldn't breathe, I couldn't stand it.
Ninotchka, you're jealous.
I suppose she is very entertaining... It must be lots of fun to be with her, so witty, so glamorous...
Ninotchka, I love you.
She is very attractive. She has great elegance.  She's what you call a woman of the world, isn't she?
When I was here before I noticed a photograph of a woman on the desk in a wide silver frame. I thought what a waste of silver. That's all that interested me then. Now I would like to know... what happened to the woman?
I don't think so.
Did you make any change in this room?
I promise... I swear.
If you don't want to answer, you needn't. But if you do, you must tell me the truth.
Anything, Ninotchka.
Leon, I would like to ask you something.
Leon, I want to tell you something which I thought I never would say, which I thought nobody ever should say, because I thought it didn't exist... and, Leon... I can't say it...
No... go on.
Leon, you know the jokes you told me a few days ago? I wake up in the middle of the night and laugh at them. Now, Leon that's wrong. I know they're not funny, they're silly. They're stupid. And still... I laugh... and when I look at Buljanoff and Iranoff and Kopalski I know they are scoundrels and I should hate them -- then I realize who made them like that, and instead of sending my report to Moscow I tear it up and go down and buy a ridiculous hat... and if this keeps on... am I too talkative?
You see I couldn't shout that.
Not radio. Let's have music that's just for ourselves.
A wonderful idea! Radio or records?
Well, first I should like to take off my hat and jacket.  Then could we have some music?
That's when one half of Paris says to the other half, "What are your plans for this evening, madame?"
It's nine o'clock.
Twelve seventy-five from the Clarence? The son-of-a-gun made a detour!...  But he got you here.
For twelve francs, seventy-five.
You see? Life can be so simple.
I've never been here before. I wonder whom you're thinking of. Oh, I know, a girl with a map, figuring out each step, worrying about north and south. Today... now this might shock you... I went up to a taxi and said "Eight Rue du Bois"... and here I am.
You remember this room?
Foolish? If this dress were to walk down the boulevard all by itself I would follow it from one end of Paris to the other, and when I caught up with it I would say, "Just a moment, you charming little dress, I want you to meet Ninotchka... you two were meant for each other." Ninotchka feels more comfortable.
I don't look too foolish?
Well, so far it isn't funny, but wait. He says to the waiter, "Waiter! Bring me a cup of coffee." So the waiter comes back five minutes later and says, "I'm sorry, sir, we have no coffee."...  Wait a minute... wait a minute... I'm all mixed up...  A man comes in a restaurant, he sits down, he calls the waiter and he says, "Waiter! Get me a cup of coffee without cream," and five minutes later the waiter comes back and says, "I'm sorry, sir, we have no cream, can it be a glass of milk!"
Yes.
He sits down at the table and says to the waiter... Did you get that too?
Yes.
I'll tell you that joke again. A man comes into a restaurant. Did you get that?
So you don't think that's funny? It is funny! Everyone else thinks so! Maybe you didn't get it.
No.
Not funny, huh?
Maybe you haven't any sense of humor. Well, I'll give you one more chance! Now listen!
I don't think so.
It seemed funny to me when I first heard it. Maybe the trouble isn't with the joke. Maybe it's with you!
No.
I suppose you don't think that's funny?
So do I.  Now, here's a great one... Ha! Ha! Ha!  Well, maybe it's not so good. Let's forget it! How's this? Two men are looking at the moon. One says to the other, "Is it true that a lot of people live on the moon?" "Yes, it is," says the other, "five hundred million." "Whew!" replies the first, "they must get pretty crowded when it's half moon!" Ha! Ha! Ha!
I wish they had never met.
Two Scotchmen met on the street... and I don't know the name of the street and it really doesn't matter. Well, anyway, one's name was McIntosh and the other's was McGillicuddy. McIntosh says to McGillicuddy, "Hello, Mr. McGillicuddy," and McGillicuddy says to McIntosh, "Hello, Mr. McIntosh," and then McIntosh says to McGillicuddy, "How is Mrs. McGillicuddy?" and then McGillicuddy says to McIntosh, "How is Mrs. McIntosh?"...
I have never heard one.
Do you like Scotch stories?
Probably not.
Well, er... let's drop it. I don't think you would care for that one.
On which boat?
That's not a laugh! I mean a laugh from the heart. Now let's see. I'm going to tell you a funny story. Just a moment... I've got it! Well, it seems there were a couple of Frenchmen who went to America...
Ha! Ha! Now go back.
No, I can't leave you. I won't. Not yet. Not until I've made you laugh... at least once.
Then you should go back to your table.
Because we are an odd couple.
Why?
At anything. At the whole ludicrous spectacle of life. At people being pompous and taking themselves seriously and exaggerating their own importance. If you can't find anything else to laugh at you can laugh at you and me.
At what?
Just smile.
Why?
Will you smile?
What?
Death! Death! Always so glum! What about life, Ninotchka! Do Russians never think of life? Of the moment in which we are living? The only moment we really have? Don't take it all so seriously, Ninotchka. Nothing is worth it. Please... relax... I beg you, Sergeant... smile!
But you have now, and I know now that you are a man who employs business methods which in Russia would be punished by death.
Oh, Ninotchka, who wants to talk business. If you win the suit, fine. If we win the suit, better. You do me an injustice.  When we went to my apartment did I have the slightest idea that you had any connection with this deal?
Your tactics are useless. My name is neither Buljanoff, Iranoff, nor Kopalski.
Must one always be after something?
What are you after?
Just an old man. His memory is getting weak.
But my dear child, I am most at home among working men. I hate the places where you circulate -- the Hotel Clarence... This is my natural element. After all, what are any of us? Workingmen! At least, those of us who are worth our salt. Hyah?
This is a place for workmen.
I always eat here.
Then how did you get here?
I didn't follow you.
I don't like your following me.
Pardon me for addressing you but you insulted him, you know that. You hurt his feelings. It was just like telling a musician you don't like music. That good old man believes in food as you believe in Karl Marx. You can't go around hurting people, Comrade Yakushova, but maybe you can make it up to him. Do you know how?  By eating everything with relish, by drinking everything with gusto, by having a good time for the first time in your natural life!
So! You want to make a strike breaker out of me! I am surprised at you, Comrade! Is it too much for the workers of the world to ask you to walk around the corner for lunch? All I can say to you is take your hammer and sickle and get out of that Royal Suite!
Send me a plate of raw carrots and beets, beets predominating on a ratio of sixty-forty... What? There is a strike in the kitchen? Good! Will you assure the strikers of my hearty sympathy in their cause. I hope they will not weaken in their demands and tell them to put no dressing whatsoever on my vegetables... What? You won't serve me either? Now look here, Comrade, I think it is a fine idea to let the capitalists go without luncheon but when you keep food away from me you're weakening the people.
Room service speaking.
I kissed the Polish lancer too... before he died.
But, Ninotchka, I held you in my arms. You kissed me!
Ninotchka, you can't walk out like this... I'm crazy about you, and I thought I'd made an impression on you. You liked the white of my eye.
Then do it through my lawyer!
You know I want to...
It is out of the question. If you wish to approach me...
Tonight let's not represent anybody but ourselves.
As a representative of Moscow...
All right, fight me, fight me as much as you want, but fight me tomorrow morning! There's nothing sweeter than sharing a secret with a bitter enemy.
I was sent here by my country to fight you.
I have a better suggestion. Let's forget that the telephone ever rang. I never heard that you are Yakushova... you are Ninotchka... my Ninotchka...
Let's forget that we ever met.
Ninotchka, or shall I say Special Envoy Yakushova...
I must go.
But one of your friends may be in need of you. You must answer.
Oh, let it ring.
The telephone is ringing.
Glorious, analytical...
Oh, my barbaric Ninotchka. My impossible, unromantic, statistical...
Thank you.
No, that was restful. Again.
Was that talkative?
You analyze everything out of existence. You analyze me out of existence. I won't let you. Love is not so simple. Ninotchka, Ninotchka, why do doves bill and coo? Why do snails, coldest of all creatures, circle interminably around each other? Why do moths fly hundreds of miles to find their mates? Why do flowers open their petals? Oh, Ninotchka, Ninotchka, surely you feel some slight symptom of the divine passion... a general warmth in the palms of your hands... a strange heaviness in your limbs... a burning of the lips that is not thirst but a thousand times more tantalizing, more exalting, than thirst?
It's false sentimentality.
I can't possibly think of a better reason.
That's the way a clock works. There's nothing wonderful about it. You merely feel you must put yourself in a romantic mood to add to your exhilaration.
It's midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half. Look at the clock. One hand has met the other hand. They kiss. Isn't that wonderful?
It's twelve o'clock.
Do you hear that?
You're the most adorable cog I ever saw in my life. Ninotchka, Cogitska, let me confess something. Never did I dream I could feel like this toward a sergeant.
Just what you see. A tiny cog in the great wheel of evolution.
What kind of a girl are you, anyway?
Don't pity me. Pity the Polish lancer. After all, I'm alive.
Poor Ninotchka. Poor, poor Ninotchka.
A Polish lancer. I was sixteen.
I'd love to.  Tsk, tsk, tsk.
I was a sergeant in the Third Cavalry Brigade. Would you like to see my wound?
Wounded? How?
I was wounded before Warsaw.
The bayonet? Did you really?
It's never too late to change. I used to belong to the petty bourgeoisie myself. My father and mother wanted me to stay and work on the farm, but I preferred the bayonet.
I'm at a loss, Ninotchka. You must forgive me if I appear a little old- fashioned. After all, I'm just a poor bourgeois.
Don't do it, please.
I'd like to say it a thousand times.
You repeat yourself.
You're the most improbable creature I've ever met in my life, Ninotchka, Ninotchka...
You don't have to do a thing. Chemically we are already quite sympathetic.
What can I possibly do to encourage such an impulse in you?
I acknowledge the existence of a natural impulse common to all.
Oh, I see. What do you use instead?
You are bringing in wrong values. Love is a romantic designation for a most ordinary biological, or shall we say chemical, process. A lot of nonsense is talked and written about it.
Your cornea is terrific. Tell me -- you're so expert on things -- can it be that I'm falling in love with you?
Look at me. The whites of your eyes are clear. Your cornea is excellent.
Thank you.
Your general appearance is not distasteful.
Ninotchka, do you like me just a little bit?
That is correct.
Ni-notchka.
You pronounce it incorrectly. Ni- notchka.
I begin to believe in it myself since I've met you. I still don't know what to make of it. It confuses me, it frightens me a little, but it fascinates me, Ninotchka.
That is why I believe in the future of my country.
Thank you. Thank you.
You are something we do not have in Russia.
For mankind not a thing -- for womankind the record is not quite so bleak.
And what do you do for mankind?
Keeping my body fit, keeping my mind alert, keeping my landlord appeased. That's a full-time job.
And what is your profession?
That's great. I'm thirty-five years old. Just over six feet tall. I weigh a hundred and eighty-two pounds stripped.
I will start with you.
Not too big and not too small. What I'd call the typical room of an average man. Or shall we say a little above average. Now if there are any special aspects you wish to study I have nothing to conceal. Just look around. That's my desk. Those are my books, and here am I. Where shall we begin?
I should say this room is eighteen by twenty-five.
It helps. It has ever since King David wooed Bathsheba with the harp. As I am not so fortunate as to have my harp at hand, I shall turn on the radio.
Is that customary?
We take off our hat and coat.  We sit down -- we make ourselves comfortable. We adjust ourselves to the prospect of a most enjoyable evening. We look at each other. We smile.  Well... we don't smile. How about some music?
What do we do now?
Thank you. I've had all the calories necessary for today.
Well, may I offer you a drink, or how about something to eat?
The day will come when you will be free. Go to bed, little father. We want to be alone.
No, though the mere thought makes my mouth water.
He looks sad. Do you whip him?
He takes good care of that.
Good evening, comrade.  This man is horribly old. You should not make him work.
Yes.
Is this what you call the "butler"?
I will do my best.
Then why don't we go?  You might be an interesting subject of study.
Now I didn't say that either... naturally nothing would please me more.
Then you don't want me to go there.
Please don't misunderstand me...
Does that mean that you want me to go there?
Well, let's say I live in it. Such a pleasant place... all kinds of comfort, easy to reach, close to street car, bus, and subway...
So that is your house?
It's not the structure but the spirit which dwells within. There are three rooms and a kitchenette dedicated to hospitality.
I see a house that looks like any other house. What's remarkable about it?
What a city! There are the Grands Boulevards... blasted out of the heart of the old streets. The Arc de Triomphe... made to greet Napoleon's army. The Opera! And Montmartre... Montparnasse... La Bohème... and now I'll show you the greatest attraction!  It will cost me a franc but it is worth it.  The most wonderful spot in all Paris -- unique! Here, look....  What do you see?
I do not deny its beauty, but it is a waste of electricity.
You must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles... It glitters!
Do not misunderstand me. I do not hold your frivolity against you.  As basic material you might not be bad, but you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture. I feel sorry for you.
I'm glad I saw it before becoming extinct.
Yes, it is.
And thank you for getting me up here. I've never seen this before. Beautiful, isn't it?
You gave me some very valuable information. Thank you.
Yes, very strange.
That's a strange angle.
Four massive piers of masonry are sunk to a depth of forty-six feet on the side of the Seine, and twenty- nine and one-half feet on the other side. The girders of interlaced iron- work which stay the structure have an inclination of fifty-four degrees...
Go ahead.
The foundation is one hundred and forty-one yards square...  I hope you'll forgive me but I thought you'd...
Your type will soon be extinct.
A Russian! I love Russians! Comrade... I have been fascinated by your Five- Year Plan for the past fifteen years!
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society. It is having a superior earning power that makes you like that.
Nothing has occurred recently to shake my confidence.
You are very sure of yourself, aren't you?
Madame, it is that kind of approach which has made Paris what it is.
For my own information would you call your approach toward me typical of the local morale?
I'll try.
Suppress it.
I don't have to but I find it natural.
I am interested only in the shortest distance between these two points. Must you flirt?
Here... here we are... here you are and here I am... feel it?
And where are we?
Bad manners to point with your own... Here... the Eiffel Tower.
Why do you need my finger?
Now, isn't that too bad! The last time I jumped I forgot to clock it!  Let me see... Eiffel Tower... Your finger, please.
How long does it take a man to land?
Technical... I couldn't help you from that angle. You see, a real Parisian only goes to the top of the tower in moments of despair to jump off.
I am interested in the Eiffel Tower from a technical standpoint.
Is that thing lost again?... Listen... if you are interested in a view...
No... I am looking for the Eiffel Tower.
Facing north... I'd hate to commit myself without my compass... Pardon me... are you an explorer?
Correct me if I am wrong... We are facing north, aren't we?
Love to.
You might hold this for me.
Can I help you?
You're welcome.
Thank you.
No.
In other words you don't know.
Have I? Do you know when I come to think about it it's staggering. If I add it all up I must have spent years waiting for signals. Imagine! An important part of my life wasted between whistles.
Have you never been caught in a similar situation?
That's funny. It's interesting. I never gave it a thought before.
How many minutes between the first and second whistle?
What?
At what intervals does he whistle?
Well -- until the policeman whistles again.
How long do we have to wait here?
Gladly.
Yes. Could you give me some information?
Me?
You, please.
Thank you, Swana. You are very gracious.
Just in case they don't give you your visa to Russia I want you to know that I have signed a contract for my memoirs and rented a lovely little château in the Touraine, and if you feel the need of a change...
That does it, Swana.  Now you mustn't miss your appointment with your hair-dresser.
Count d'Algout was for several years my personal representative and if it is necessary to sign any affidavit for him I'll be delighted.
Now, please, Swana.
After our talk last night I took it for granted that you would drop in here this morning. Knowing how difficult it is to get into Soviet Russia, I thought I might be of some assistance to you.  May I introduce myself? I am the Duchess Swana of Russia... another Russia.
Hello.
Hello, Leon darling!
Do you expect me to believe that?
She's gone, Leon.
Has done what?
Knowing the efficiency of the French Air Service I think I can guarantee that Madame Yakushova has already taken off for Moscow.
What is this, Swana?
The same old trouble, Leon. You're always late. Whether you're taking me to the Opera or calling for me at a beauty shop, you're never on time. And now, when it's a question of your reform -- late again.  By about five minutes.
I'm afraid that's what it is.
Leon! This has the ugly sound of regeneration.
I have to be simple again, Swana, and you may find it shockingly banal. I've thought it over and I'm willing to take all the consequences, even if it means a complete readjustment of my way of living.
Say it over and over again, Leon. Words are a wonderful safety valve, and that's what you need -- because you know it's impossible, don't you?
It must be serious, Swana. Not long ago I'd have considered such a statement rather juvenile and rather middle class. Now I can say it without stammering, without a blush. I'm in love, Swana.
And I thought it was something serious! How could you frighten me so?
There are a hundred ways to approach it, but I feel it can best be said in one simple phrase. I'm in love, Swana.
Brutal frankness, if you insist.
I know you hate the obvious but do you mind if, at this moment, I'm not in the least subtle?
All right, I'll listen.
This time, Swana -- just this once -- I must ask you to listen.
Oh, no, my little Volga boatman. Have you forgotten our First Commandment: Never Complain -- Never Explain. It has worked so often and so perfectly, don't let's break the rule. And please don't look so guilty, otherwise I'll...
Yes.
Is this, by any chance, going to be a confession?
I'm the one who should apologize. I should have talked to you before.
Did I act stupidly last night? Should I apologize?
No thanks, Swana.
Leon, darling, how nice! Have you ordered tea or a cocktail?
A very wise suggestion, Leon. I'm afraid madame and I will never agree.  The only thing we have in common is our lawsuit and that will be decided next week. I understand everything will be over by Thursday. Am I right?
Will you do me a favor? Stop talking about the good old days.
I'm going, Leon...  but before I leave I must compliment you on your gown, Madame Yakushova. Is that what they're wearing in Moscow this year?
There's a charming crowd here tonight, isn't there?
Poor Madame Yakushova... here we are talking in mysteries.... I'm sure you wonder what it's all about.
Months, Swana.
He won another blue ribbon and bit the judge. Ha! ha! ha! I bought him the cutest sweater as a reward. You should see him strut down the street in it. He looks like a little boulevardier.  You see, Count d'Algout gave me Punchy for my birthday.  You must have searched weeks before you found anything as divine as Punchy, didn't you, Leon?
No... please...
I've some wonderful news for you, Leon. It's about Punchy... do you mind if I sit down?
How do you do?
Not at all. Your Highness, may I present Madame Yakushova?
Am I interrupting?
Yes, Swana.
It's a dream of beauty. He never takes my word for anything, but I was right, wasn't I?
Yes, Swana, you did.
Didn't I tell you Benson and Benson were the tailors for you?
Yes, Swana.
Is this your new dress suit?
Thank you.
Now, darling, soak in your beautiful pine bath and let Gaston shave you.
Darling, if we're going to get anywhere someone has to keep his eyes open! 
You saw all that in one glimpse?
Timeless. When she comes into a room you'd think that the Bolsheviks had taken over Paris. She wears her cheap miserable blouse as though it were the latest model by Schiaparelli. What a woman! What a woman! There is a Russian snowstorm in each of her eyes.
That bad?  Old or young?
You can't imagine.
Imagine the carpets of a self- respecting Parisian hotel dirtied by the boots of a muzhik! What does she look like?
Well... er... I caught a glimpse of her when she walked through the lobby.
You just told me you hadn't seen her.
That wouldn't have done any good. Not with her.  She's the most incredible creature I've ever seen.
That proletarian! In the old days we'd have had her flogged.
No, and believe me I've tried everything! I must have telephoned her a hundred times. I've sent her telegrams, I've sent her flowers... I asked her to dinner... I offered her seats for the Opera...
You haven't seen her yet?
Oh, please, Swana! I don't know whether I'm standing on my head or my heels. Here you are blaming me for neglecting you when I'm trying to concentrate on another woman and can't get near her.
Now... here we have two very handsome soft-boiled eggs. Do you suppose hens mind what happens to their eggs? Probably not. They have such unfeeling eyes. We'll put in a great nugget of butter, plenty of pepper and salt... Darling, I haven't seen you for three livelong days... seventy-two hours!
Not in your condition.  Make it tepid, Gaston... tepid and tender. And lay out his gray suit.  Afterwards I'll drive you through the Bois. Slowly... in Waltz time.
Make it ice cold.
Darling, you're taking my business affairs far too seriously. Much as I'd love to rob the Bolsheviks of their filthy money, I won't do it at the expense of your health. Particularly as we know we won't get much.  You look so pale... pale but interesting.
I just couldn't sleep. I got up and went back... and then got up again. These last few days... whew!
Don't tell me the bed has lost its best friend.
No.
Is anything wrong? Are you ill?
Huh?
Leon! What in heaven's name...!
Darling, calm down. Why do you need a lawyer? Haven't you your little Volga boatman?
It looks pretty hopeless... there may be a chance... that's all... The French Government has recognized Soviet Russia and he doubts that they will risk a war for my poor sake. He might be able to make up some kind of a case but it would cost money, money, money!... That's all they are interested in -- those lawyers!
What did he say?
Shhh!  ...But how can there be a question?... Are you my lawyer or theirs?... All right, I'll let you know!
What does he say?
This is the Duchess Swana... I want to speak to Monsieur Cornillon... it's very important... please get him right away... Hello, Monsieur Cornillon? The most incredible thing has happened! My jewels are here in Paris! Three Bolshevik swine are trying to sell them! Yes... yes... we must act immediately!... Call the police... Have them arrested!... Well, then, get an injunction!... But do something, Monsieur Cornillon!  ...But they are my jewels! There must be some way of getting them back!
Rakonin, bless him, has given me the most amazing news!
Did I hear something about jewels?
Tell him I won't be able to see him for a half an hour.
Oh, yes.
He's a waiter at the Clarence, poor devil. You know him.
Too bad! Brings our price down ten thousand francs!
Was I? No... not by a Bolshevik!
Darling, this would be wonderful! Just once... weren't you attacked by a Bolshevik?
A couple of bloodhounds and we have Uncle Tom's Cabin.
I've got one chapter Guizot thinks is terrific. "Caviar and Blood." Swana escapes over the ice!
Well... two million readers... I know exactly what they want. Chapter One: "A Childhood behind Golden Bars. Lovely Little Princess Plays with Rasputin's Beard."
Yes, I'm your little Volga boatman.
First tell me, are you my little Volga boatman?
Now, Swana...
My little Volga boatman! Stop threatening! I don't deserve this.  Are you my little Volga boatman?
Imagine two million clerks and shop girls peeking into my life for a sou! Think of my lovely life being wrapped around cheese and blood sausages! I can see a big grease spot in the midst of my most intimate moments!
I understand how you feel, but there is a limit to everything, particularly pride and dignity. They are willing to pay any price! They have a circulation of two million!
Was it for this that I refused to endorse Dr. Bertrand's Mouthwash? I could have made a little fortune by saying that the Vincent Vacuum Cleaner was the only vacuum cleaner ever used by the Romanoffs... and now you want them to smear my life's secrets over the front page of a tabloid?
Sweetheart, we won't have to bother about our future if you are willing to raffle off your past!
Oh, Leon!
Now listen, Swana... I sold Monsieur Guizot the idea of publishing your memoirs in the Gazette Parisienne. "The Life and Loves of the Grand Duchess Swana of Russia"!
What a gruesome proof of the power of the press!
You'd be surprised how many nice people dine with the Guizots.
Those newspaper people?
We can be rich if you say the word. I had dinner with the Guizots last night.
Oh, Leon, you are so good to me. 
We can forget horse racing, roulette, the stock market... our worries are over! You remember that platinum watch with the diamond numbers? You will be in a position to give it to me.
Did you win?
Darling, I was busy looking out for your interests.
Don't you find that restful?... Why didn't you come last night?
Your conversation has one marvelous advantage, Swana. However many questions you ask you never expect an answer.
It's really a wretched morning... wretched. I can't get myself right. I wanted to look mellow and I look brittle. My face doesn't compose well... all highlights... how can I dim myself down, Leon? Suggest something. I am so bored with this face. I wish I had someone else's face. Whose face would you have if you had your choice? Oh, well, I guess one gets the face one deserves.
Good morning, Swana.
Hello, Leon!
I think I know Leon quite as well as you... possibly a little better. Leave that worry to me. Five-forty leaves you time enough to close the deal with Monsieur Mercier, but naturally you'll be too busy for any farewells. I'll see to it that everything is done in the most expeditious manner and I will also see you to the airport. That's my proposition, Comrade Yakushova.
That's not the way to win him back... not Leon.
I am willing to hand over the jewels and sign the necessary papers if you take that five-forty plane to Moscow.
Go on.
No, I just wanted to be absolutely impartial. Both of us are faced with two rather uncomfortable years. We can condense these two years to two minutes if you want to accept my proposition. Ninotchka now realizes what she is after.
I see. You have calculated in terms of hunger.
I may run out of money, but you have already run out of bread. Two years is a long time for your comrades to wait.
Won't those two years in court be expensive for you? I know that money was no object as long as you could squeeze it from the pockets of the people, but now...
My lawyer agrees with you. He says France will uphold it in every court, but I will drag you through every court, don't forget that. And when I say it will take two years I am, as always, conservative.
Under Soviet law the jewels belong to the State. France is going to uphold that ownership.
Unfortunately.
In other words moral ideas have no weight with you... all right, then let's deal with legal facts. You know that France has recognized the Soviet.
Now, let's free ourselves from emotionalism and try to solve the problem in a practical way. Our situation has changed considerably. Before I had only a claim to the jewels. Now I have the jewels.
I told you we had plenty to talk about. Shall we sit down?
They always belonged to the Russian people. They were paid for with their sweat, their blood, their lives and you will give them back!
That's very simple to answer. They were given to me by my mother. They were given to her by her mother, in fact they're mine, you cannot steal what belongs to you!
I will have to face the consequences, but so will you. Don't forget they will ask how you got them.
Won't it be rather embarrassing for a Soviet Envoy to disclose the circumstances under which she lost them?
You leave me no choice.
Don't worry. Fortunately last night a very trustworthy friend kept his eyes open. Perhaps he overstepped his function as a waiter but he fulfilled his duty as a Russian.  I just put this on for sentiment. The rest are absolutely safe. I assure you. But if you feel like notifying the police...
Where are they?
You were very careless with our precious jewels, my dear. They're too expensive a toy for two children to play with.
Where are they?
Believe me, Leon can't help you. He doesn't know anything about the jewels... I give you my word... I swear it.
I told you to go, madame.
I wouldn't waken Leon. After last night I would say not before three o'clock at the earliest.
In that case I can only say good-by.
Not before you agree to use those reservations to Moscow.
I must insist that you leave.
You can't deny we gave the people their money's worth -- almost -- eight tumbling Romanoffs -- eight!
My dear, you don't know how impressive I could be. Did you ever see me in my regalia with my diadem and all my jewels?
It is not enough to be witty, madame. People grow tired of being entertained. You made that mistake before. Problems were never solved by bowing from a balcony.
Very interesting, my dear, but couldn't you write all that from Moscow? A dissertation on love on Soviet stationery -- would be an amusing paradox.
People cannot be taken away, madame, neither a hundred and sixty million nor one. Not if you have their love. You hadn't. That's why you're not in Russia any longer, and that's why you came here this morning.
My palace in Petrograd... yes, you took that away from me. You took away my czar, my country, my people, everything I had...  but nothing more -- I warn you.
If this is meant to be a joke it is not funny. Or do you still think you're issuing orders from your palace in Petrograd?
Don't worry. I have already made reservations. It's perfect flying weather. They assure me there's a fine tail wind which will sweep you back to Moscow in no time.
Madame, if you...
Leave? That's exactly what I came here to ask you to do. Leave! I don't mean this hotel and I don't mean Paris... I mean France. There's a plane for Moscow at five-forty.
I must ask you to leave.
That's all right... I grow on people.
Madame, what is it you people always say, regardless of what you mean... "I am delighted to have you here"? I have not reached that stage of civilization.
Now there you are completely wrong. If we sit down for a little chat, I'm sure we won't run out of conversation and what's more it won't be dull.
We have nothing to discuss.
I just dropped in to have a little heart-to-heart talk with you.
Please come to the point. What is it you want?
Don't worry, you were quite rude enough.  Do you mind if I let in a little fresh air and sunshine? I'm sure it will make you feel better and I want you to be at your very best. In full possession of your faculties, at least.
If you were encouraged to come here by our meeting last night I am afraid you misunderstood my attitude.
How stale last night's gaiety looks! It has the taste of a dead cigarette.
Of course not, my dear! I didn't come here with any such suspicion. How ridiculous!  Nor did I come here to pick up his hat.
I think we can cut your visit short. Leon is not here.
It is tomorrow morning... tomorrow noon, to be exact. I hope you will forgive me. I know it's extremely cruel to waken anyone at such an hour. Don't you recognize me? I am the Duchess Swana.
What?
Good morning.
It is unfortunate that you have so few more days in Paris.  Be sure and redouble your efforts so that madame can take some pleasant memories when she returns to Moscow.  Good night.  Good night, Leon.
You're right, madame, it will all be over by Thursday.
You're absolutely right about the Cossacks. We made an unpardonable mistake when we let them use their knouts. They had such reliable guns.
Exactly. You see, it would have been embarrassing for people of my sort to wear low-cut gowns in the old Russia. The lashes of the Cossacks across our backs were not very becoming, and you know how vain women are.
Isn't it amazing! One gets a wrong impression of the new Russia.  It must be charming. I'm glad conditions are so improved. I assume this is what the factory workers wear at their dances?
Dear me... I must be losing my finesse. If I'm not careful I'll be understood by everybody.
Not at all.... I understand perfectly, Count d'Algout gave you a dog. You made it very clear, madame.
That depends on the tip.
That's no business... that's a social injustice.
Well... that's my business, madame.
Why?
May I have your bags, madame?
What do you want?
Here, please...
I will do my best.
Please don't waste my time, Comrade. Do your duty. Good-by.
How can I make myself clear... It is difficult to express but I'd rather not go to foreign countries any more. Please, Comrade... let me stay here... let me finish my work... I am in the rhythm of it now... I don't want to go away. I don't want to be sent into that foreign atmosphere again. It throws one out of gear.... Let me finish my work... I have concentrated everything in it... Please... don't make me go.
I don't understand.
I am sorry, I don't want to overstep my position -- but please... don't send me.
That is for me to decide, Comrade Yakushova.
I appreciate the confidence you show in me, but I must ask you to entrust someone else with this mission. I should hate to interrupt my present work. I am positive that my survey is more important than finding out whether three of our comrades have been drinking some extra glasses of champagne.
Yes... leaving immediately.
You want me to go to Constantinople?
It gives details which couldn't be invented. Naturally I want to verify it and that's why I need you.
Oh, they shouldn't do such things. Are you sure this report is correct?
As soon as our representatives go to a foreign country they seem to lose all sense of balance. If I told you what's going on in Constantinople right now you wouldn't believe it. Those three have been sitting there for six weeks and haven't sold a piece of fur.  This anonymous report was sent me. They are dragging the good name of our country through every café and night club. Here...  "How can the Bolshevik cause gain respect among the Moslems if your three representatives, Buljanoff, Iranoff, and Kopalski, get so drunk that they throw a carpet out of their hotel window and complain to the management that it didn't fly?"
May I ask what has happened?
I haven't either, but I've heard about them. You must realize it was only on the strength of your Paris report that I sent them to Constantinople; without that I never would have trusted them on a mission as important as the fur deal.
No.
Well, Comrade, have you heard from your friends Kopalski, Buljanoff, and Iranoff?
Thank you.
Cigarette?
Please... sit down.
May I ask why?
Well, Comrade, I am afraid you will have to turn over that work to someone else.
I need very little sleep. We must be extremely careful what goods we take in exchange. I have already started a survey of our most urgent needs.
That's marvelous.... You must have worked day and night.... Don't you ever sleep?
Yes.
You mean you have finished the whole investigation?
Yes, it does.
Does this include the products of the Far Eastern provinces?
Good morning, Comrade Commissar. Here is my report on the materials available for trading in the next four months.
Good morning, Comrade.
That also is a question of food, madame. I'll bring you a nice little lunch à la Père Mathieu. 
The future of the common people.
But, madame! If you don't think about food what do you think about?
Bring me something simple. I never think about food.
Oh, madame! This is a restaurant, not a meadow.
Raw carrots and beets.
I think this is the first time you have been to my little place. Your face is new to me. Now, what shall it be?
This will do. 
This way, madame. Are you alone? By the window perhaps?  Or a nice little corner table?
Eight blocks down in the Rue de Poivrel.
Where is it?
It's just a place for workmen.
Where is that?
At Père Mathieu's.
Where do you eat?
Well, there's Pruniers if you care for seafood. If you want to lunch in the Bois, there's...
Can you recommend a restaurant?
Where to, madame?
Thank you so much, my friend. I will get in touch with you.
I am sorry... I have to leave.
This morning three Soviet agents arrived. I overheard a telephone conversation with Mercier, the jeweler. Your Highness, they are going to sell them!
Alexis! Do you know what you are saying?
They are here!... Your jewels!... Here in Paris!
Why do you bring this up after so many years?
I remember one birthday of His Majesty, our beloved Czar... I had the honor of being on guard at the summer palace... I still see you bending before His Majesty... You wore your diadem and a necklace... your face seemed to be lighted by the jewels.
My jewels?!
No, madame, something of the utmost importance... it concerns your jewels.
What is it, Rakonin? Did you lose your job?
Your Highness, forgive this intrusion, but...
How do you do, my friend.
Your Highness.
