No doubt, brother - I figured as much back there in the restaurant. That's why I invited you out here for this advanced tutorial.
I like to think that I'm a pretty astute observer of the human scene.
And thank you as well for that conversational hiatus; I generally refrain from speech while engaged in gustation. There are those who attempt both at the same time but I find it course and vulgar. Now where were we?
Our pleasure, Big Dan.
Thankee boys for throwin' in that fricasee. I'm a man a large appetite and even with lunch under my belt I was feeling a mite peckish.
Sales, Mr. McGill, sales! And what do I sell? The Truth! Ever' blessed word of it, from Genesee on down to Revelations! That's right, the word of God, which let me add there is damn good money in during these days of woe and want! Folks're lookin' for answers and Big Dan Teague sells the only book that's got 'em! What do you do - you and your tongue-tied friend?
Once again we find ourselves in agreement.  What kind of work do you do, Big Dan?
I flatter myself that such is the case; in my line of work it's plumb necessary. The one thing you don't want is air in the conversation.
The law. Well the law is a human institution.
It ain't the law!
You can't do this - we just been pardoned!  By the Governer himself!
- and share one of your graves.
Hang on there -
Didn't know you'd be bringin' a friend.  Well, he'll have to wait his turn -
You can't do this -
You have eluded fate - and eluded me - for the last time. Tie their hands, boys.
Waitaminute -
- but now it deposits you here.
Waitaminute -
End of the road, boys. It's had its twists and turns -
Good Lord, what do we do?
I'm sorry we got you into this, Tommy.
Awful sorry I betrayed you fellas; must be my Hogwallop blood.
Huh?!
Well I - I ain't had it easy either, boys.  Uh, frankly, I - well I spilled my guts about the treasure.
Well that was our mistake then. And then we was beat up by a bible salesman and banished from Woolworth's. I don't know if it's the one branch or all of 'em.
No, they never did turn me into a toad.
We didn't abandon you, Pete, we just thought you was a toad.
Do not seek the treasure!
...Pete?
What about you, Everett? What'd you have in mind when you stoled it in the first place?
Visit those foreclosin' sonofaguns down at the Indianola Savings and Loan and slap that cash down on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. Hell, you ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
Yeah, it stinks in that ol' barn.
Why don't we bed down out here tonight?
All except fer our a-cump-uh-nust!
That's right! We ain't really Negroes!
That's right!
You mis'able little sneak thief...
You got light fingers, Everett. Gopher?
Gopher, Everett?
We ain't gonna make it walkin'.
How ya been, Wash? Been what, twelve, thirteen year'n?
'N I'm Delmar O'Donnell.
That ain't it!
Aw, don't be ignorant, Delmar. I told you they was gonna flood this valley.
A miracle! It was a miracle!
Honey, it's just - Shutup, Delmar - it's just -
We'll go fetch it with ya, Everett.
Is the marriage off then, Miz Wharvey?
I guess Vernon T. Waldrip is gonna be goin' on relief. Maybe I'll be able to throw a little patronage his way, get the man a job diggin' ditches or rounding up stray dogs.
Oh, okay.
Well, you'n me'n Pete'n Tommy are gonna be the power behind the throne so to speak.
What sat mean exactly, Everett?
Everett, my beard itches.
Scuse me... scuse me... we're the next act...
He was never turned into a frog!
'N turned into a frog -
Oh my God!
It's Tommy! They got Tommy!
Boys, we was chained together. I hadda tell ya somethin'. Bustin' out alone was not a option!
Huh. I guess they'll tack on fifty years for me too.
I never knocked over any armored- car. I was sent up for practicing law without a license.
So - where's all the money from your armored-car job?
Oh-ho-ho yes, I've spread my seed. And you see what it, uh... what it's earned me... Now what in the...
Everett, I never figured you for a paterfamilias.
Well that's right! If then! Believe me, Delmar, Woman is the most fiendish instrument of torture ever devised to bedevil the days a man!
Well, uh, I - I gotta get the family farm back before I can start thinkin' about that.
Hit by a train! Truth means nothin' to Woman, Delmar. Triumph a the subjective!  You ever been with a woman?
Okay, Everett.
Deceitful! Two-faced! She-Woman! Never trust a female, Delmar! Remember that one simple precept and your time with me will not have been ill spent!
Not that I'm aware.
Pete have a brother?
We're adventurers, sir, currently pursuin' a certain opportunity but open to others as well.
Uh, we uh-
Well if that is Pete I am ashamed of him.  The way I see it he got what he deserved - fornicating with some whore a Babylon.  These things-
I just don't think it's right, keepin' him under wraps like we's ashamed of him.
You can't display a toad in a fine restaurant like this! Why, the good folks here'd go right off their feed!
Course it's Pete! Look at 'im!
...I'm not sure that's Pete.
Caintcha see it Everett! Them sigh- reens did this to Pete! They loved him up an' turned him into a horney- toad!
What on earth is goin' on here! What's got into you, Delmar!
Oh sweet Lord, Everett, looka this!
Whuhh...
Well ya know, Delmar, they say that with a thrill-seekin' personality, what goes up must come down. Top of the world one minute, haunted by megrims the next. Yep, it's like our friend George is a alley cat and his own damn humors're swingin' him by the tail. But don't worry, Delmar; he'll be back on top again. I don't think we've heard the last of George Nelson.
Now wuddya suppose is eatin' George?
Now you may call it an unreasoning optimism. You may call it obtuse. But the plain fact is we still have... close to... close to...
Yeah, look at me.
Where's Tommy?
Don't be a fool, Everett, we gotta R- U-N-O-F-F-T, but pronto!
I left my pomade in that car! Maybe I can creep up!
Damn! We gotta skedaddle!
What're you gonna do with your share of the treasure, Pete?
Izzat right?
Four hundred, Delmar.
Five... hunnert... thousand... each.
What'd the devil give you for your soul, Tommy?
This ain't no laughin' matter, Everett.
Pull over, Everett - let's give that colored boy a lift.
Baptism. You two are just dumber'n a bag of hammers. Well, I guess you're my cross to bear-
You should a joined us, Everett. It couldn't a hurt none.
That's not the issue, Delmar. Even if it did put you square with the Lord, the State of Mississippi is more hardnosed.
But there were witnesses, saw us redeemed!
Well I was lyin' - and I'm proud to say that that sin's been warshed away too!  Neither God nor man's got nothin' on me now! Come on in, boys, the water's fine!
I thought you said you were innocent a those charges.
Preacher said my sins are warshed away, including that Piggly Wiggly I knocked over in Yazoo!
Delmar what the hell are you talking about? - We got bigger fish to fry-
Well that's it boys, I been redeemed! The preacher warshed away all my sins and transgressions. It's the straight-and-narrow from here on out and heaven everlasting's my reward!
And no transmission belt for two weeks neither.
Gopher, Everett?
...but try getting a decent hair jelly.
Yeah, let's negotiate 'em, Everett.
NOW HOLD ON, BOYS-AINTCHA EVER HEARD OF A NEGOTIATION? MAYBE WE CAN TALK THIS THING OUT!
Fire! I hate fire!
What do we do now, Everett?
Don't know, Delmar-though the blind are reputed to possess sensitivities compensatin' for their lack of sight, even to the point of developing para- normal psychic powers. Now clearly, seein' the future would fall neatly into that ka-taggery. It's not so surprising, then, if an organism deprived of earthly vision-
How'd he know about the treasure?
Well now Pappy I wouldn't put it that strong...
You don't know where his goddamn folks from; you speakin' outcha asshole.
Campaign manager? Waldrip.
What's his name again?
Assa good idea, Pappy.
I'm sayin' we har this man away.
Problem a p'seption.
Y'ignorant slope-shouldered sack a guts!  Why we'd look like a buncha satchel-ass Johnnie-Come-Latelies braggin' on our own midget! Don't matter how stumpy! And that's the goddamn problem right there - people think this Stokes got fresh ideas, he's oh coorant and we the past.
Okay, Pappy.
I'm just makin' a point, you stupid sonofabitch!
Oh, yes, assa parful new force.
We ain't one-at-a-timin' here, we mass communicatin'!
Oh no, no, just the reg'la side -
Not out the other side his face, though.
Pappy O'Daniel be laughing' then.
Vernon T. Waldrip.
Vernon Waldrip.
Powas p'suasion.
Oh gracious no. Not with his blandishments.
No one says no to Pappy O'Daniel.
Enticements a power, wealth, settera.
Have him join us, run our campaign 'stead a that pencil-neck's.
Cain't beat 'em, join 'em.
Helluva idea.
Wipin' little circles with his bread...
Pullin' ah pants down...
Well, I believe it's mawva kickin' sichation.
Well, that's how I characterize it.
Well now, I don't believe assa property scription.
No, I believe he's a-gonna paddle it.
Ain't gonna paddle it; he's gonna kick it real hard.
Gonna paddle ah little bee-hind.
Reason why he's pullin' ah pants down.
Ass right.
Helluva awgazation.
Devil his due.
Well, it's a well-run campaign, midget'n broom'n whatnot.
Suckin' away.
Wipin' little circles with his bread.
Latch right on to that tit.
Pappy gonna be sittin' there pants down and Stokes at the table soppin' up the gravy.
Gonna pluck us off the tit.
Stokes is pullin' ah pants down.
Them straw polls is ugly.
Oh Lord yes, any parish'r precinct; I was makin' the larger point.
In any state.
Finest governor we've ever had in M'sippi.
Well sure, honey, but...
I counted to three, honey.
That wasn't my doing...
Yes, but honey -
I don't care if it's ninety thousand.
A 9,000-hectacre lake, honey.
Uh-huh.
Well now honey, that ring is at the bottom of a pretty durned big lake.
Well, we need that ring.
Well, I'm sorry honey -
Or in my chiffonier. I don't know.
You -
Or, it might a been under the mattress.
You said -
I said I thought it was in the rolltop desk.
You said it was in the rolltop desk!
That's one of Aunt Hurlene's.
Not your...
That's not my ring.
- in the gods - Huh?
That's not my ring.
And you were right about that ring. Any other weddin' band would not do. But this-here was foreordained, honey; fate was a-smilin' on me, and ya have to have confidence -
That's good, honey.
...Time for this old boy to enjoy some repose.
But I don't mind telling you, I'm awful pleased my adventuring days is at an end...
That's right, honey.
All's well that ends well, as the poet says.
No weddin'.
It's just a symbol, honey -
Ain't gonna be no weddin'.
Aw, honey, our ring is just a old pewter thing -
We ain't gettin' married with his ring!  You said you'd changed!
Hell, now's the time to buy it off him cheap.
I ain't worn it since our divorce came through. It must still be in the rolltop in the old cabin. Never thought I'd need it; Vernon bought one encrusted with jewels.
Where's your ring, honey?
Just a little change of cast. Me and the little lady are gonna pick up the pieces'n retie the knot, mixaphorically speakin'. You boys're invited, of course. Hell, you're best men! Already got the rings.
McGill. No, the marriage'll take place as planned.
...Why you... lyin,... unconstant... succubus!
I can and I am and I will - tomorrow! I gotta think about the little Wharvey gals! They look to me for answers! Vernon can s'port 'em and buy 'em lessons on the clarinet! The only good thing you ever did for the gals was get his by that train!
I'll tell you what I am - I'm the paterfamilias! You can't marry him!
No - you stop it! Vernon here's got a job. Vernon's got prospects. He's bona fide! What're you?
Now Penny, stop that!
That ain't your daddy, Alvinelle. Your daddy was hit by a train.
Well any human being will cast about in a moment of stress. No, the fact is, they're flooding this valley so they can hydro-electric up the whole durned state...
That ain't the tune you were singin' back there at the gallows!
It just never fails; once again you two hayseeds are showin' how much you want for innalect. There's a perfectly scientific explanation for what just happened -
We prayed to God and he pitied us!
No, this is gonna work! I just gotta get close enough to talk to her. Takin' off with us is got a lot more future in it than marrying a guy named Waldrip.  I'm goddamn bona fide. I've got the answers!
This is crazy. No one's ever gonna believe we're a real band.
Wait a minute - who elected you leader a this outfit? Since we been followin' your lead we got nothin' but trouble! I gotten this close to bein' strung up, n'consumed in a fire, 'n whipped no end, 'n sunstroked, 'n soggied -
Well, it's a invitation-only affair; we'll have to sneak in through the service entrance-
Eighty-four years old! I'll be gummin' pab-you-lum!
Pete... I do apologize.
...With my added time for the escape, I don't get out now 'til 1987... I'll be eighty-four years old.
I couldn't wait two weeks! She's gettin' married tomorra!
...No treasure... I had two weeks left on my sentence...
Damnit, I just hadda bust out! My wife wrote me she was gettin' married! I gotta stop it!
But...
But... but...
Fact of the matter - there never was!
Well, but Pete...
I cain't help it, but that's a wonderful thing to say!
Pete, uh, I don't want ya to beat yourself up about this thing...
Aw, that's all right.
It's awful white of ya to take it like that, Everett. I feel wretched, spoilin' yer play for a million dollars'n point two. It's been eatin' at my guts.
I shoulda guessed it - typical womanly behavior. Just lucky we left before they came for us.
They lured me out for a bathe, then they dunked me'n trussed me up like a hog and turned me in for the bounty.
Quitcha babblin' Pete - time to skedaddle.
It was a moment a weakness!
...I believe, unless I'm very much mistaken - see, we've been away for several years, uh...
...Nah, that ain't right... I'm thinkin' of...
Isn't it, uh...
Itta Bena, now, uh, that would be...
Pete, the personal rancor reflected in that remark I don't intend to dignify with comment, but I would like to address your general attitude of hopeless negativism. Consider the lilies a the goddamn field, or-hell!- take a look at Delmar here as your paradigm a hope.
The hell it ain't square one! Ain't no one gonna pick up three filthy unshaved hitchhikers, and one of 'em a know-it-all that can't keep his trap shut!
Well that hardly sounds like you...
Me? Oh, I didn't have no plan. Still don't, really.
What about you, Delmar? What're you gonna do with your share a that dough?
An' all my meals for free...
Million point two.
A million dollars.
Join you two ignorant fools in a ridiculous superstition? Thank you anyway.  And I like the smell of my hair treatment - the pleasing odor is half the point.
Hell, at least it woulda washed away the stink of that pomade.
For him, not for the law! I'm surprised at you, Pete. Hell, I gave you credit for more brains than Delmar.
The preacher said it absolved us.
Pete, don't be ignorant-
Well, I'll be a sonofabitch. Delmar's been saved!
Pete, it's a fool looks for logic in the chambers of the human heart. What the hell's that singing?
That don't make no sense!
So I borrowed it till I did know!
You didn't know that at the time!
Who was fixing to betray us!
It was in his bureau.
To Washington Bartholomew Hogwallop. From his loving Cora. Ay-More Fie- dellis.
Sell that. I figured it could only have painful associations for Wash.
How's this a plan? How're we gonna get a car?
We got but four days to get to that treasure! After that, it'll be at the bottom of a lake!
Don't I know it.
Huh?! They dam that river on the 21st.  Today's the 17th!
Now hold on, Pete, we gotta speak with one voice here - CAREFUL WITH THAT FIRE NOW, BOYS!
YOU LOUSY YELLA-BELLIED LOW-DOWN SKUNKS-
The hell you say! Wash is kin!
Pete's cousin turned us in for the bounty!
Well I'm votin' for yours truly too!
Suits me! I'm votin' for yours truly!
Well, Pete, I just figured it should be the one with capacity for abstract thought. But if that ain't the consensus view, hell, let's put her to a vote!
Wait a minute! Who elected you leader a this outfit?
Well, ain't this place a geographical oddity-two weeks from everywhere! Forget it! Just the dozen hairnets!
Watch your language, young fellow, this is a public market. Now, if you want Dapper Dan I can order it for you, have it in a couple of weeks.
No! I don't want Fop! Goddamnit - I use Dapper Dan!
I don't carry Dapper Dan. I carry Fop.
Hold on there - I don't want this pomade, I want Dapper Dan.
Nearest Ford auto man's Bristol.
Two weeks! That don't do me no good!
Okay sir, but Mert and Aloysius'll have to scratch Xes - only four of us can write.
Boys, that was some mighty fine pickin' and singin'. You just sign these papers and I'll give you ten dollars apiece.
Hot damn, boy, I almost believe you did sell your soul to the devil!
Sir, the Soggy Bottom Boys been steeped in ol'-timey material. Heck, you're silly with it, aintcha boys?
Well, I don't record Negro songs. I'm lookin' for some ol'-timey material.  Why, people just can't get enough of it since we started broadcastin' the 'Pappy O'Daniel Flour Hour', so thanks for stoppin' by, but-
Sir, we are Negroes. All except our a-cump- uh, company-accompluh- uh, the fella that plays the gui-tar.
Well that all depends. You boys do Negro songs?
Well sir, my name is Jordan Rivers and these here are the Soggy Bottom Boys outta Cottonelia Mississippi- Songs of Salvation to Salve the Soul. We hear you pay good money to sing into a can.
I am. Hur you?
Who's the honcho around here?
Oh mercy, yes. You gotta beat that competition.
Hot damn, we gotta find those boys! Sign 'em to a big fat contract! Hell's bells, Mr. Lunn, if we don't the goddamn competition will!
It was a powerful air.
Well that record has just gone through the goddamn roof! They're playin' it as far away as Mobile! The whole damn state's goin' ape!
Oh I remember 'em, colored fellas I believe, swell bunch a boys, sung into yon can and skedaddled.
They cut a record in here, few days ago, old-timey harmony thing with a guitar Accump-accump-uh-
Soggy Bottom Boys - I don't precisely recollect, uh -
How can I lay hold a the Soggy Bottom Boys?
Now what can I do you for, Mister French?
Well I guess folks don't mind they's integrated.
But Pappy, they's inter-grated.
Holy-moly. These boys're a hit!
We ain't got a constichency! Stokes got a constichency!
We cain't do that, Daddy, we might offend our constichency.
I signed that bill! I signed a dozen a those aggi-culture bills! Everyone knows I'm a friend a the fahmuh! What do I gotta do, start diddlin' livestock?!
Well people like that reform. Maybe we should get us some.
...Yeah?
Well he's the reform candidate, Daddy.
Languishing! Goddamn campaign is languishing! We need a shot inna arm!  Hear me, boys? Inna goddamn ARM!  Election held tomorra, that sonofabitch Stokes would win it in a walk!
Buyin' nipples!
She's at the five and dime.
He's a suitor!
It's bona fide!
You got a maiden name, Daddy?
That's a maiden name.
Blooey!
Mama said you was hit by a train!
He ain't our daddy!
Daddy!
