Thank you.
Congratulations.
Late summer.
When?
Good.
No.
Do you think Francis with an "i" is too womanly a name for a boy?
No.
Do you think Frances with an "e" is too manly a name for a girl?
It's alright.  I'm very happy for you.
I'm sorry we didn't give you more warning.
That would be nice, too.
Maybe we'll be lucky this winter and have just rain, no snow.
That would be nice.
Next time we'll bring more blankets.
It's a start.
You call that a compliment?
If I'd known you were going to look like this, I never would have put ink in your tea.
Uh... uh... I...
It was you and it turned my teeth black for a month.
I... uh... that wasn't me, it was Samuel... I mean Nathan...
I know who you are, Gabriel Marion. The last time I saw you, I was nine and you put ink in my tea.
The hell I do.
You got me beat on both accounts.
What do you mean, old and ugly?
No, he takes after his mother...
He reminds me of you before you got old and ugly.
Pride will do.
Personally, I'd prefer stupidity.
His victories at Charleston and Camden were perfect, strategically, tactically, logistically.  But he has a weakness.
Cheerful news to greet the morn.
I've just been inside the mind of a genius.  Lord Cornwallis knows more about war than I could in a dozen lifetimes.
Well?
You're the worst of that sort. You're the sort that gives that sort a bad name.
Am I one of that sort?
His journals, letters, maps, books...
I say we drink the wine, shoot the dogs, and use the papers for musket wadding.
Not many.  Dalton, Scott, they've got their reasons; Rev. Oliver, he believes in the cause; some of the young bucks; a few like me with nothing to lose...  What about you?  You've got a lot to lose.
It worked.  How many men can you raise?
Trust you and Harry Lee.  Remember that damned overland you two thought up in '62 to hit Fort Louis?
I expect to try.
You expect to hold Cornwallis with militia?
We've got plenty of baking powder. You went to Pembroke and got five pounds two weeks ago.
Oh, right.  Baking powder, we need baking powder.
You got salt last week.
Don't fault him for having grown up on the frontier.  It was a harder time and a harder place than you know.
I know him well enough?
He's my father.
You don't know him very well, do you?
He's not making light.
He shouldn't make light.  That Redcoat should not have been killed.
Lovely.
Two pounds, fourteen ounces.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Charlotte.
Very well, then.
Of course, I do.
Do you?
I know that.
I said, I'm not my sister.
Excuse me?
I'll leave in the morning with Gabriel.
If you go, I'll care for them as if they were my own.
I've done nothing and for that I am ashamed.
Thomas is dead but you've done nothing for which you should be ashamed.
I should have known... once I would have... I used to be wary... and today I watched my son killed before my eyes... your sister civilized me and I damn myself for having let her...
You couldn't have known.
How did this... how did I let this happen?
Our governor is a bigger fool than I thought.
And send us to war alongside Massachusetts.
As do you.
You look well, Charlotte.
Thank you.
They're from good stock on their mother's side.
With a lace table cloth?
We did.
Who cared for your wounds?
First Virginia Regulars under Colonel Hamilton.
What unit?
Yes, sir.
You're surrendering.
They refused to give me their names. Their ranks are nine lieutenants, five captains, three majors and one fat colonel who called me a cheeky fellow.  Their posts?  We picked them up here-and-there last night.
Their names, ranks and posts?
What officers?
If that's your position, then eighteen of your officers will die. Nineteen, if you hang me with my men.
I do have eighteen criminals under sentence of death, but I hold no prisoners-of-war.
You have eighteen of my men.  I want them back.
Sir?
Prisoner exchange.
Very well, let us move on to...
As long as your soldiers attack civilians, I will order the shooting of your officers at the outset of every engagement.  And my men are excellent marksmen.
I beg to differ.  One is a command decision on your part.  The other represents nothing more than the occasional over-exuberance of field officers attempting to carry out their duty in difficult circumstances.
I consider them linked.
That is a separate issue.
Restrain them from the targeting of civilians, including women and children?
Colonel, imagine the utter chaos that would result from un-led armies having at each other.  There must be gentlemen in command to lead and, when appropriate, restrain their men.
And what are inappropriate levels of hostile attention?
Certainly you must know that in civilized warfare, officers in the field must not be accorded inappropriate levels of hostile attention.
That one is a bit more difficult.
Apology accepted.  Now, on the matter of the specific targeting of officers during engagements, this is absolutely unacceptable.
Please accept my apology for not having done so sooner.
Thank you.
I will do so as soon as possible.
First, you have in your possession certain belongings of mine, including clothing, private papers, furniture and personal effects of a non-military nature which I would like to have returned to me.
Very well, proceed, sir.
You are familiar with how these things are done.  In fact, I would like to claim aggrieved status.
Unless you would like to claim aggrieved status.
Oh.  Very well, then.  Would you, as the initiating party, like to begin?
I served in His Majesty's army in the French and Indian War.
Oh?
I'm familiar with how a formal negotiation is handled.
Let us.  Unless you object, I would like to deem this meeting a formal negotiation and, as such, there are certain customary practices. Perhaps I could explain them to you...
Shall we proceed?
As you wish.
Colonel will do.
Thank you, Colonel... I'm afraid I don't know your name.
Apology accepted.
Please forgive me for keeping you waiting.
My pleasure, sir.
My boys... my boys... you seem to have been well fed.  Thank you for that, Colonel.
Unless I'm dreaming, I think I see irregulars at their center.
Do you see that, Colonel?
I understand, sir.
Civility is a secondary virtue.  It is superseded by duty.
Difficult, sir.  This is, as you pointed out, a civil war.
How can we end this madness?
Probably.
And if I triumph, you triumph.
Perhaps.
If I fail, you fail.
Most certainly.  Arrange it.
Are you going to meet with him?
It seems our Swamp Fox wants to have a formal parley.
Yes, sir.
Colonel Tarleton, you deal with these damned rebels.
Sir.
My harrier.  Join us, Colonel.
As you did at Fort Wilderness?
If this war is about more than Thomas, it's about more than Anne, as well.  Stay the course.
Yes.
I see, do as I say, not as I do.
It was a different time, son.  And you're a better man than that.
We took our time with them and gave every one of them worse than they had given at the fort.  It was two weeks before they were all dead, all except two.  We put the heads on a pallet and had the two we let live take it to the French at Fort Ambercon.  The eyes, fingers and tongues we put in a basket and sent that down the Asheulot to the Cherokee.  The French stayed east of the Blue Ridge after that and the Cherokee broke their treaty with the French and stayed out of the fight.  That seemed to make a difference. The war went another year, things went better... and men bought us drinks.
Go on.
We buried them, then we went to track.  It was a cold trail and they were moving fast.  We went faster. We caught up to them at Kentucky Ford.
I'm not my mother.  I can't have the respect without the knowing.
That's why it was four years between you and Thomas.  It took me that long to regain her respect.
Your mother asked me the same question around the time you were born.  I was drunk and I was foolish enough to answer her.
That's not enough.  Tell me.
That's right.
That the French and Cherokees captured the fort and when you retook it, you took revenge on them for what they did during the occupation.
And what do they know?
Tell me what everyone doesn't know.
Everyone knows.  It's what made me a hero.  Me, Harry Lee, all of us.  I got a medal.  Men bought me drinks. They still do sometimes.  Everyone knows what happened.
No, I don't.
You know what happened.
Father, tell me what happened at Fort Wilderness?
She is.  Don't go in there.
Is it her?  Is Anne in there?
Don't go in there.
Seven homes along the Black River so far...
Where?
Tarleton has a list of our men, most are on it.  A regiment of dragoons is going to the homes on the list, burning them, killing whomever resists, women and children, as well.
I know.
It's beautiful there.  Your mother and I were there once, before you were born.
Cheraw Falls.
Granted.  Where are you going?
Sir, I'd like to request a furlough. Two days?
Come with me.  I'll tell you when we get there.
What?
Father, there's something else I need to talk to you about.
She said that?  Oh, my Lord, she said that?
She said... she loves you and misses you but she understands why you can't be there with her.
I don't believe it... and I wasn't there for it...
Full sentences.  As if she had been speaking all along.
She spoke?  Susan spoke?
She got me at a more impressionable age.
You learned her lessons better than I.
She'd say it to me when I picked on Thomas or Nathan.
Stay the course... your mother used to say that to me when I'd get drunk or lose my temper.
Or perhaps tomorrow at the expense of our cause.
No...
When was that?  In the swamp at the expense of your men?  Or when he killed Thomas at the expense of your family?
I should have killed him when I had the chance?
Fourteen dead, eleven wounded, eighteen captured.
We're low on salt.  I should go to Pembroke and get some.
Gabriel?  Are you asleep?
Pride is his weakness.
Father?
Lord Cornwallis is brilliant.  His weakness is that he knows it.
And the dogs, too, I'll wager.
These four wagons must be his.
I didn't see any.
Flanking riders?
Less than a mile.  Forty-one wagons, a company of Redcoat infantry, horses at the rear.
God help us all when you're forty.
You know how old I am.
How old are you?
If you're here only for revenge, you're doing a disservice to him as well as yourself.
Is it?
Yes...  ... father.
And, Corporal...  ... be careful.
Yes, sir.
Alright, Corporal, you take Bennington, Harrisville, Acworth and the farms along Black Swamp.  I'll take the north side of the river. We'll meet at Snow's Island.
He tried.  It didn't take.
Did your father teach you humility?
Yes, sir.  My father taught me.
Is that so?
I've been doing this for two years. I'm the best scout in the Continental Army, the best horseman, the best shot, the best scavenger and I know every deer path and swamp trail between here and Charleston.
Oh?
Colonel, I didn't request this transfer because you're my father. I requested it because I believe in this cause and this is where I can do the most good.
It's safer if we stay together.
We'd cover more ground if we split up.
We put out the word.  We'll start along the south side of the Santee...
What now, sir?
It's already over.
Father...
I have no choice, I...
You're in no condition to ride.
I have to get these dispatches to Hillsboro.
Not yet.  What happened?
Have you seen any Redcoats?
Yes.
Do you intend to enlist without my permission?
When I have children, I hope I don't hide behind them.
When you have children, I hope you'll understand.
Father, I've lost respect for you. I thought you were a man of principle.
Which would force our delegates in Philadelphia to vote for independence.
He vowed that if the Assembly votes a single shilling to Lee, he'll dissolve the body.
And the Governor?
Yes.  He seeks a levy of troops and money.
Is that why the Assembly was convened?
The British army is barricaded in Boston.  Harry Lee, is here from Virginia, recruiting for a Continental Army.
What news?
Poor Richard says they'll make a Declaration of Independence by July.
Anything about the convention in Philadelphia?
Rioting both sides of the bay, in Chestertown they burned the Customs House and tar-and-feathered the Customs Agent.  He died of burns. In Wilmington they killed a Royal Magistrate and two Redcoats.
The middle colonies?
The New York and Rhode Island assemblies have been dissolved...
Thank you.  How's the spotted one's milk?
Father, a post rider came from Charleston.  You have a letter inside.
Yes, I do.  I hate him and I hope he never comes back.
You don't hate him.
I don't care.  I hate him.
There are some letters here from him.  Some are just to you.
I know he did and he's sorry.  He'll come back as soon as he can.
He left us.
He wanted to, Susan, but he couldn't leave his men.
Nonetheless, I would like to know, Mister Marion, how... how... how...
I stand corrected.
Mister Robinson, I fought with Captain Marion in the French and Indian War, including the Wilderness Campaign.  We served as scouts under Washington and I have no doubts about Captain Marion's courage or competence on a battlefield. There's not a man in this room, or anywhere, for that matter, to whom I would more willingly trust my life.
Thank you.  Were I an orator, those are the exact words I would have spoken.
Those of us who call ourselves Patriots are not seeking to give birth to an American nation, but to protect one that already exists.  It was born a hundred-and-seventy years ago at Jamestown, Virginia and has grown stronger and more mature with every generation reared and with every crop sown and harvested.  We are a nation and our rights as citizens of that nation are threatened by a tyrant three thousand miles away.
Please.
An American nation.  Colonel Lee, with your permission?
Robert.  Robert E. Lee.
Your son, what did you name him?
I hope so.
Thank you.  Maybe all of this will buy him some peace.
And congratulations on the birth of your son.
Goodbye, Harry.
Goodbye, Francis.
No.  It's not over yet.  Two days ride, Yorktown, Virginia. Washington, the French, Cornwallis and Tarleton.  It will end, one way or another.  Francis, nothing will replace your sons but helping us will justify their sacrifice.
It is ended.
They're gone.  And there is nothing you or I can do to bring them back. But there is something you can do to help end all this.
Two.  Gabriel and Thomas.
How many men have we seen die?
Don't touch him.
I'm sorry, I didn't know.
His wife was killed yesterday.  She was with child.
Four thousand infantry and around six hundred cavalry...  ... including the Green Dragoons under Tarleton.
How many men does Cornwallis have under his command?
They'd be better off, but the cause wouldn't be.
They're nothing but farmers and you're asking them to try to keep a tiger in their backyard.  They'd be better off letting it move on.
Not held, just slowed down.
You expect Cornwallis to be held here by militia?
Not me, you.  I'm going north with every Continental regular I can find to reinforce Washington or he won't last six weeks.
So you're going to try to keep Cornwallis in the South until then.
The bigger problem is where, not when.  The French fleet won't sail north of the Chesapeake for fear of early storms.
Long time.
Fall, six months at the earliest.
When?
And Patriots will start dying on the gallows instead of the battlefield.  Unless we can keep Cornwallis in the South until the French arrive.  A treaty was signed at Versailles after our victory at Saratoga.  The French are sending a fleet and ten thousand troops.
So now Cornwallis will head north, link up with Clinton and finish off Washington.
We're a breath away from losing this war.  In the North, Washington is reeling from Valley Forge, running and hiding from Clinton and twelve thousand Redcoats.  Here in the South, Cornwallis has broken our back.  He captured over five thousand of our troops when he took Charleston and today he destroyed the only army that stood between him and New York.
What are my orders?
I am, I think.
Who's in command?
Last anyone saw, riding hard, northeast, his staff a hundred yards behind, trying to catch up.
Where is he now?
I begged him to stay in the cover of the trees but he insisted the only way to break Cornwallis was muzzle- to-muzzle.  He spent too many years in the British army.
We saw.
There's nothing you could have done, Gates is a damned fool.
I'm sorry I wasn't here for this.
I'm sorry.
Green Dragoons came to my home, killed my son, Thomas.  It was Tarleton himself.
Thank you.
I'll see to it that he serves under me.
No, thank the Lord.  He's more like his mother.
I recognize him now.  Is he as imprudent as his father was at his age?
Gabriel.
One of yours?
I'm a parent, I don't have the luxury of principles.
And your principles?
That's what I'm doing.  I will not fight and because I won't, I will not cast a vote that will send others to fight in my stead.
Wars are not fought only by childless men.  A man must weigh his personal responsibilities against his principles.
You said bribery twice...
... time, royal succession, regicide, bribery...
That's five, keep going...
Royal petition, delegates to court, judicial redress, economic boycott, bribery...
Name five hundred.
There are a thousand avenues, other than war, at our disposal...
Balderdash!
We don't have to go to war to gain independence...
I was an American, I just didn't know it yet...
You were an Englishman then...
That's a damn long time...
Thirteen years...
A long time ago...
Harry, Harry, Harry...
Damn it, Francis!  How in God's name do you expect to gain independence without going to war?
I understood him to be a Patriot as well.
It's Mister Marion.
Captain Marion, I understood you to be a Patriot.
Yes... you will wait.
That will be all, Major.  I'll wait for Lord Cornwallis.
Yes, quite, but you should know that...
I'm familiar with appropriate behavior at a military parley.
You may, of course, keep your weapons, but I must warn you that...
Thank you.
Lord Cornwallis will be with you presently.
Leave him.  Take care of William and Susan.
But what about Thomas?
Margaret, take William and Susan to the river shed.  Hide there.  If we're not back by dawn, go up the river to the Richardson's house. They'll take you to your Aunt Charlotte's farm.  Nathan, Samuel, and I are going to get Gabriel.
No, there'll be skirmishers on the roads.  We're safer here.
We could go stay at Aunt Charlotte's farm.  She's to the west.
Don't worry.
Four, five miles.
How far away?
Yes, he does.
He looks as if he's sleeping, doesn't he?
Colonel, let us help his soul find it's place with the Almighty and...
About a hundred and twenty.  Less than a third.
How many came back?
For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, 'til death do they part.
It's a good measure of a woman that she'll have her honeymoon under the stars.
Don't depend on my decency.  I'm one of that sort.
For trying to impose some decency on that sort.
For what?
Thank you.
I heard about your son.  I'm sorry.
Reverend.
And what is the second thing?
No, he won't.  There are two things you need to know about Cornwallis. First, he is a very proud man, He would rather risk defeat than share a victory.  If you give him what he thinks is an out, he'll take it.
If Cornwallis receives news that Clinton is coming, he'll simply hold tight and wait.  He'll fight a purely defensive battle and he'll win that.
Proud, priggish and competent.  A very bad combination in an adversary.
Worse.
That bad?
Remember Braddock?
Francis, tell me about General Cornwallis.
I've had no sons to lose, nor daughters.  I lose the sons of other men.
I lost another a year ago, Thomas. He was only fifteen.
I was sorry to hear about your son.
Earned.
Gray.
Put them away.
But father, they might come this way.
Put those away.
God willing.
But it's already been two years and that's two more years.  The war could be over by then.
Seventeen.
When?
Not yet, Thomas.
I'm glad I killed them... I'm glad...
Don't blame yourself, you did what I told you to do.
Father... I killed those men...
Quiet.
Father, you can't let them take him...
Six-pounders.  Lots of them.
Father?
Thank you.  Did you finish the upper field?
Father, I saw a post rider at the house.
