He can if He wants to. He can do anything, just like Inspector Gadget on TV. But I have to keep things ready for him, that's what I think. I've got his picture and I'm going to sit in his chair--
Ellie...God doesn't do things like that. I know you loved y'brother, but--
Is that right, dad?
They do it to honor the dead, Ellen.
Yes--
Well, it still says some animal got laid down here after, don't it?
What if you can't read what's written on there anymore?
It's a place where the dead speak, Missy.
Well...I guess not.
Do you know what this place is, Ellie? Oh, I know you know it's a boneyard, but a bone ain't nothing and even a whole pile of 'em don't amount to much. Do you know what a graveyard really is?
Ayuh.
Bite?
Best never to go climbing on old blowdowns like this, Ellie--sometimes they bite.
You'll see soon enough, hon.
But where are we going, Mr. Crandall?
And now you live on Route 9 in Ludlow, and your dad's gonna be the new doctor up to the college, I hear, and I think you're going to be just as happy as a clam here, Ellen Creed.
I'm Ellen Creed and I live at 642 Alden Lane, Dearborn, Michigan.  At least, I used to.
Who might you be, little Miss?
I will. Come and kiss me.
Please hurry.
Of course I will.
Will you at least call and make sure daddy's okay?
There are no ghosts, Ellie. I want you to go to sleep and forget all this nonsense.
He's a ghost. But he's a good ghost.
Who is this Paxcow? Is he like the boogeyman?
Paxcow says Daddy's going to do something really bad. He--
Paxcow says it's almost too late! We have to go back! Paxcow says it's almost too late!
Ellie...Ellie...what...
Paxcow says it's almost too late!
In a minute, hon. Let Gage finish his turn.
I want to fly it! Can I fly it now, mommy!
But what if he dies and has to go to the Pet Sematary?
Honey, Church will be fine.
Yaay!
Yes, but the rope might be--
Am I really gonna have my own room?
It's gorgeous!
I swear.
Do you swear?
I'll be there in three days--four at the most. I've got to get the electricity shut off and square things with your school so the truant officer ain't after you, and--
Come with us, daddy. Please come with us!
Be good to your mother, darlin'. She needs you.
And I'm going to eat his breakfast cereal, too, even though it tastes like boogers. And...and...
Ellie--
Because your mother and I need the rest, sugar. Now buzz.
Then why do I have to go to bed?
I'm sure you're not.
I'm not tired!
Then you have faith in that. But we don't know it will be; after all, some crazed chair-burglar might break in while we're away and steal it, right?
Yeah, sure.
Well, here we are, sitting in my chair. Do you think my chair will be here tomorrow?
I don't get it.
Oh, faith's a little more than just believing.
You believe in it.
I think we go on. I'm not sure what happens after we die, but yeah-- I have faith in that.
Do you believe that?
Well, it's actually reincarnation, but you get the idea. And some people think we just wink out...like a candle flame when the wind blows hard.
Sure, carnation. Like in that movie you rented, Audrey Rose.
I don't know, honey. Different people believe all sorts of different things happen to us when we die. Some believe in heaven or hell. Some think we're born again as little children--
I won't...is Missy in heaven, do you think?
But don't you dare say that.
Well, I think Michael McDowell is so full of shit he probably squeaks when he walks, my dear.
At school Michael McDowell said she was gonna fry in hell. Michael McDowell says all sewersides fry in hell.
Daddy, do you think Missy Dandridge went to heaven?
What's up, sugar?
Missy made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world--even Mom said so. Now there won't be any more because she's gonna be dead forever!
Huh?
No more chocolate chip cookies.
Ellie? What's wrong?
That's enough, Ellen.
She's in bed. She was throwing up. Ever since Mrs. Rogers called and said Missy--
I hate that smell.
I've noticed it, too. I'll cough up the money, Ellen.
I know.
Because you promised.
Yes.
Is he really all right?
Cause I had a bad dream about him. I dreamed he got hit by a car and you and Mr. Crandall buried him in the Pet Sematary.
Yes...I guess so. He was sleeping on the front porch when I left.
Fine...except when Mom was airing Gage's diaper rash, he walked away and got into Grampa's study and pooped in Grampa's favorite chair.
Yeah, I know...how are things out there in Chicagoland?
Missy Dandridge. And she says it's a operation!
Good God! Where'd you hear that?
It doesn't seem long to me. It seems short. I think the whole thing about pets dying s-s-sucks!
Lovey...Church might be still alive when you're in a high school...and that's a very long time.
In the end he's gonna croak, isn't he?
Well, it's always better to take precautions--but I'm sure Church will be all right, honey...
That's what I think. I heard Missy Dandridge tell Mom when Church was fixed he wouldn't cross the road so much.
To remember.
And that someone cared enough about that animal to mark the spot.
For a little while.
I want to look around, daddy-- may I?
Well, I thought it was safe--
Have you got a death-wish, Ellen?
Yayyy!
No-I guess not.
Anyone who can scream that loud isn't ready for intensive care just yet-- looks like she just skinned her knee.
Hurrts! It hurrrrts!
Yaay!
Yes.
Don't bother. I'm coming home.
Ayuh, I think 'twas. If I see Louis come home before I go to bed, I'll tell him to--
Was it Pascow?
Jud, do you remember the name of the student that died on Louis's first day at work? The one that was hit by a car?
No--but if he drops by, I'll tell him to call you.
Well, but Missus Creed! It ain't quite that way, deah!
How can you call it a good thing? A graveyard for pets killed in the road! Built and maintained by broken- hearted children!
Same here. Come over and visit when you get the chance.
Excuse me, Mr. Crandall--I've got to change this kid. It's nice to meet you.
No harm, no foul. But you want to watch out for that road. Those damn trucks go back and forth all day and most of the night.
I'm Rachel. Thanks again for saving the wandering minstrel boy, here.
Jud Crandall. I live just across the road.
Why...that sometimes dead is better. That's all. Sometimes dead is better.
I'll bite--what's the bottom of the truth, Jud?
And because the dead walked.
Because something called a wendigo soured the ground.
I know the Micmacs thought it was a holy place...and then they thought it was a cursed place. That's why they moved on.
Ayuh--it's a mess, all right.
Shit! Look at this mess!
--but I think the thought has crossed your mind.
I'm thinking about going to bed.
You're thinking of things best not thought of, Louis.
Jud, I buried my son today and I'm very tired. I wonder if we could just--
Louis--
No...squatting out there at the Holiday Inn like a couple of vultures. He really thinks Rachel's going to go back with them. Her and Ellie.
Your father-in-law packs a wallop, for an old guy. He and his wife gone back to Chicago?
Nope. He's your cat now.
It's Ellie's cat.
Ayuh...how is your cat, Louis?
My father used to have a saying, Jud-- "God sees the truth, but waits."
Poor Missy. God, I was sorry to hear. I remember when she was no older'n Ellen there, walking down to the store with her Raggedy Anne doll draggin' behind her in the dust. I don't know why God takes someone like her, who should have a bunch of years still in front of them, and lets an old shit like me just go on and on.
This babe has said enough.
Out of the mouths of babes, Louis.
Well...a touch of the flu...
Rachel not feeling well?
Ellie's a little scared of death. And the main reason Ellie's that way is because your wife is a lot scared of death. Now you just go ahead and tell me I'm wrong.
What?
A man doesn't always know why he does things, Louis. I think I did it because your daughter ain't ready for her favorite pet to die.
She got used to the idea. Spot lived another four years. He died peacefully in the night that second time, and I buried him in the Pet Sematary...where his bones still lie.
A little upset is all she was? Because I'll tell you, Jud, my brains feel a little like a nuclear reactor on the edge of a meltdown.
Why, then, things should be fine.
Yes.
Well, she was a little upset at first, and that's why I thought you ought to hold your peace when you talked to your people last night...you did, didn't you, Louis?
Stanny B. did for me what I did for you last night, Louis. Only I wasn't alone when Spot came back.
You and this old Indian rag-man--
Spirit of the north country. Not a good spirit. Wendigos are great liars and tricksters, according to the stories. And if one touches you...
Wendigo?
They buried their dead and for a long time their dead stayed buried. Then something happened. Half the tribe died in a season. The rest moved on. They said a Wendigo had soured the ground.
I guess it wouldn't hurt.
Can I have another one?
Ayuh. It was the rag-man told me about the place--Stanley Bouchard. Us kids just called him Stanny B. He was half Micmac himself.
No. I'm a doctor. I know death when I see it, and Church was dead. He smells horrible and he uses his claws, but he's alive...and I feel like I'm going crazy. It was that place, wasn't it?
Wouldn't wash?
I tried to tell myself I buried him alive. You know--Edgar Allan Poe meets Felix the Cat. But...
Why, saved a little girl from being unhappy...that's all. Drink up, Louis!
What did we do, Jud?
I most generally don't start before noon, but this looks like an exception.
No buts! Accept what's done, Louis. What we done was right. Another time it might not be, but tonight it was... at least I hope to Christ it was. Now you make your call...but not a word about tonight.
But--
Because it's right.
Jud, why am I doing all this?
Don't worry about that.
Doesn't look like they last long.
Your cairn.
What are those for?
Soil's thin, all right. But you'll manage.
No, I'm okay. Will I really be able to dig him a grave? The soil looks thin.
You want to rest a bit before you start?
I guess so...but...
I had my reasons, Louis. We'll talk later. All right?
Why? For God's sake, why?
The Micmac Indians. I brought you here to bury Ellen's cat.
Whose burying ground?
This was their burying ground, Louis.
This time I mean it.
You keep saying that.
Almost there, Louis.
Just don't stop, Louis. You don't ever want to stop down here in Little God.  And you don't ever want to look behind you, whatever you hear.
It's funny, all right.
You're telling me.
There's a lot of funny things down this way, Louis.
Ayuh.
Is there quicksand?
Micmacs used to call it Little God Swamp.
You'll see before long. Let's go.
Yes.  Where are we going, Jud?
No, you shouldn't have stopped. But you got away with it. Important thing is are you sure you're all right?
Give me the cat. I'll take care of it myself.
I'm not climbing that.
No. We won't. I have climbed it a time or two before, and I know all the places to step. Just follow me...move easy...don't look down...and don't stop. If you stop, you'll crash through for sure.
We can't climb over that. We'll break our necks!
The place we're going is on the other side of that.
What do you mean?
We're still not where we're going.
Nothing.  Do we plant him on the outer circle or start a new one?
What say, Louis?
Then come on.
Yes, but--
Does she love the cat?
But--
It's going to be dark before we even get where we're going, Louis. But we can do it...and we're going to.
Jud, this is crazy. It's going to be almost dark before we get back.
Maybe when they call I'll just tell Ellie I haven't seen the damn cat around. You know?
No need to apologize.
Seems like you told me about a promise you made--
I don't know.
Going to tell Ellie?
You going to bury him in the Pet Sematary?
Bagged cat. What a mess.
Yes.
Loved that cat pretty well, didn't she?
Ellie will, though. She'll suffer plenty.
I'm sorry. At least it don't look like he suffered.
It's Church.
Church? Oh. Oh, Jesus.
Well, there's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn, Louis. I think it might be your daughter's.
For Ellie's birthday, yes. I didn't go because her old man thinks I'm a shit and the feeling is heartily re- ciprocated...they'll be back tomorrow night. Jud, what's this about?
Did you tell me Rachel took the kids back to Chicago for a few days?
Me neither. But I believe in knowing your enemy.
My wife is not crazy about cemeteries of any kind. As you may have noticed.
I think it is so, Ellie.
No--not right out loud. Their stones speak...or their markers. Even if the marker ain't nothing but a tin can someone wrote on with a Magic Marker, it speaks. Ain't that so, Louis?
Ayuh--they get older as you go toward the middle.  Pete LaVasseur's dog is buried there...  the Stoppard boys' racing pigeon that Missus Cowley's cat got...and I think that's the cat himself right there, although it's been so many years I can't tell for sure.  Missy Ellen! Come over here just a minute!
I can hardly read these.
Aw, you'll be okay. Less than a mile.
Not yet...how much further is it?
Nope. The Micmac Indians. What's up ahead is all that's left of their tribal lands.
Who owns the woods up ahead? Paper companies?
Sure.
You folks ready to go on?
What's at the end of it?
That road--and those Orinco trucks-- are the two main reasons it's there.
The one that goes into the woods--sure.
I like rock and roll. No...I guess that's too mild. I love it. Since my ears started to die out on me, it's the only music I can really hear. And since my wife died...I dunno, some- times a little rock and roll fills up night. Not always, but sometimes.  One more time--welcome to Ludlow. Hope your time here will be a happy one.
Nice.
The Eat A Peach album. God, they were good before drugs and bad luck caught up with them. Listen to this, Louis.
What?
Allman Brothers.
What were you listening to?
Ain't it just? The man who invented beer, Louis, that man was having a prime day for himself.
God, that's fine.
Good for you.
Not at all.
You need a glass?
Well, maybe I----
Movin' in's mighty thirsty work. I usually sit out on my porch of an evening and pour a couple of beers over m'dinner. Come on over and join me, if you want.
Hey--they actually found the place!
Don't talk like an asshole even if you are just a bit of underdone potato or a blot of mustard.
Timmy Baterman. That was wrong.
I'll tell you where the ground is sour--the ground in my heart is sour. Let me tell you something else, Vic-baby: Wrong is wrong.
You don't understand--
The door must not be opened. The barrier must not be crossed.
Remember.
Leave me alone!
The power of this place is old and always restless. Sometimes the dead do more than speak. Remember, doc.
Please, I want to wake up. Leave me alone. It's not my fault you died; you were as good as dead when they brought you in--
The door must not be opened. The barrier must not be crossed. Don't go on, doc. No matter how much you feel you have to. There's more power here than you know.
I want to wake up. I want to wake up, that's all. I--
I'm sure.
Louis, are you sure?
I told you last night--this can be the start of patching things up with your folks. If something good doesn't come of Gage's death, I think I'll go crazy.
Oh Louis, I just don't know about this--
You better get going, hon.
You're doing fine.
I'm going to try to do better.
Yes, I guess I do.
Not by me, it isn't. I know how badly I acted, how unfair I was. It's just that I..you know.
That's forgotten.
I'm sorry I couldn't go with you to Missy's funeral. And that I blew up when we went to that silly animal graveyard.
That's not true. The subject scares me. Because of Zelda.
I thought maybe you did. I know you don't approve of the subject being raised--
I heard you tonight.
Good d--
I got eggs down here!
Getting there.
Oh, you're welcome. Only if some- thing should go wrong while he's under the gas--it's a one-in-a-thousand shot, but it happens--you explain to her.
Thank you, Louis.
Don't shilly-shally, Louis. Give the little girl her promise.
Well, honey...you know that...
And Church will be fine.
You'll be fine, Ellie. Now you can be excused. Go and wash your face.
I know what you just said. Ellie, clear your place.
I just said--
That's enough of that kind of talk!
According to what Mr. Crandall says, the road's a lot more dangerous than the operation. Church will be just the same. Well--almost the same--and we won't have to worry about him getting turned into catburgers by one of those damn Orinco trucks.
Don't be silly. Church is not going to die.
Do you think I didn't hear her tonight, crying as if her heart would break? Here she is thinking Church is going to die.
Jesus, Rachel, what's got into you?
It was that place. That creepy cemetery up in the woods. Whatever disease the kids in this town have got, I don't want Ellie to catch it.
She was a little over-excited, that's all. Poor kid.
She's finally asleep.
Extraordinarily morbid, maybe.
I think it's rather extraordinary.
It's beautiful!
My God!
Did you see his shirt?
---and you'll end up doing a free consultation on his arthritis or urinary problems and---
Well, I've got a million questions about the area, and---
You're not really going over to have a beer with that old guy, are you?
I don't have the slightest idea. When I saw the house, this field was under four feet of snow.
Yes--I know. This path, Louis? Where does it go?
The movers--
Yes--thanks. I'm Louis Creed.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Jesus, the road!
Gage's gone!
Come on--let's parole 'em.
And Buckaroo Banzai.
Louis, the house is beautiful.
Let her go. It's cool.
