Well it's just not true. We wouldn't be looking at you -- why are you wearing this suit? Did you say hello to your brother in law's?
No, no, no.
Did you think that we'd all be looking at you?
Ok, bye-bye.
Fine. You get back to chatting with your precious customers.
Yes, I'll be there.
You just fucking said "chat," that is so -- what are you now? "chat." I'm just calling to make sure you show up at this party tonight.
Well, I can't talk though --
"chat?" Did you just say "chat?"
I have a few people here, I can't really chat right now.
So you can't talk to me?
I'm just working....I have some customers here.....
Yeah but what are you doing?
Hello, Karen. I'm just working.
Hey it's me, what are you doing?
This is Barry.
D&D Mattress Man.
What's the listing?
Somewhere in Utah.
What city?
Ok. Thank you.
It's extension 215 if you want to try me back.
I don't know...I mean: I don't know.
Do you realize that the monetary value of this promotion and the prize is potentially worth more than the purchases?
That's it.
So, just to clarify, I'm sorry: Ten purchases of any of your Healthy Choice products equals five hundred miles and then with the coupon the same purchases would value one thousand miles --
I think that's a type-o then, that would be a mistake.
It's hard to understand because it says in addition to but I can't exactly understand in addition to what because there's actually nothing to add it too...
This is "Fly With Us?"
I'm looking at your advertisement for the airline promotion and giveaway?
And what was this?
...yes I'm still on hold...
-- all I want is the number of where she's staying and that should be god damn good enough, now stop treating me this way, please -- Just Give Me The Number Elizabeth Please Now I think I will kill you if you don't.
-- what are you talking about, come on --
There is no reason for you to treat me like you do -- you're killing me, you are killing me with the way that you are towards me --
Tell me why.
I just want to know where she's staying.
What? Tell me why you wanna know --
I....please don't do this.
No she didn't; that's a lie.
......she forgot her purse at my work and I wanted to get it back to her.
Oh My God, yeah, I know exactly where she is, why?
Do you know where she's staying in Hawaii?
You're so scared.
....she didn't, I didn't ask her out?
What about her? You didn't ask her out, you're such a pussy --
Nothing. I'm just at work and I'm wondering, you know your friend Lena?
Hey. What are you doing?
Call me later.
Goodbye.
I have no idea.
Why's it here?
It's not mine.
What's all this pudding?
OH MY GOD. Look at that.
Yeah I can't.
You're being weird again, see. Come on. Please don't be weird.
I didn't ask him that. He's lying.
Did you ask Walter to get you a shrink?  Barry, did you ask Walter to get you a shrink? What's wrong with you? Are you ok?
What?
I'll leave then, I'll go to get something from my car, go away so you don't feel pressure. Can I ask you a serious question:
I don't know.
I'm not gonna rag you. Why would I do this just to rag you?
I'm not being scared, you're just going to rag me if I do this --
You don't do anything, why are you being scared?
I don't do that. I don't - things like that.
Are you gonna do it?
I feel really on the spot now.
-- do you think you'll ask her out?
It's fine, but --
It's not cool?
I'm gonna call you back.
Hey, hey, you should ask her out -- what do you think, she's cute, right?
I'm sorry.
Seriously, though: We're going to eat, I said.
I have work, I can't leave.
Why?
Yeah I can't.
This is Lena, she's a good friend of mine from work. We were in the neighborhood and she had to pick up her car and we're getting breakfast before we go in, so did you want to go? We're gonna go and eat, let's go.
I don't know.
Hey, what are you doing? Why are you wearing a suit again?
I'm not, I'm very happy.
You look nervous.
No.
She couldn't come I said. Are you nervous?
Well I'm glad you didn't, thank you.
You're lucky. She couldn't come anyway --
Did I say that?
You just said very food.
Hello everyone.
Hey....I was just telling everyone about how I was gonna bring this girl for you but you wouldn't let me do it.
-- but since you're not going I guess none of this matters and I'll bring her anyway.
Well, yeah, thank you, but --
I'm trying to get you a girlfriend.
I know.
I'm trying to be your friend.
Yeah, no, it's not, it's just --
....wait a minute: why is this about you now? Why is it always about you?
...please, I just don't want it....
She's really cute and she's really nice.
Please don't.
So it's ok if I bring her.
I don't think I'm going to the party.
That's your fault not mine.
Yes but I get tense and I feel like I can't be myself if that happens.
It's a free country, we can look at you if we want to.
Yeah but please don't do that: everyone would be looking at me.
I'm not really asking you, I'm telling you.
Yeah, but please don't do that.
She's my friend and you should meet her. You'd like her.
Well I don't want to do something like that.
Why?
Oh yeah no I don't want to do that.
There's this girl, this friend of mine from work that I think is really cute and really cool and I want you to meet her so I was thinking about bringing her to the party tonight.
Yes, indeed, yes I am.
So you're coming tonight, right?
Hello.
I'm just stopping by to say hello.
Hey, how are you? BARRY I'm fine, hi, how are you?
You've just made a war that you cannot afford.
Hello?
She is. I think, why did you come here like this?
...MOTHERFUCKER, NO....
....this is your mistake....
No I'm sorry, now I have to get off the phone....
Are you telling me no?
I have to go.
It was cool last night.
This is not cool.
Come on, I thought we had fun, rich boy --
No you won't.
This is....illegal....I'll call the police.
Why did you tell me you did, then?
I didn't lie.
You lied to me?
I know I did. But I don't.
-- you said you did.
I don't have a girlfriend --
Should I just ask your girlfriend?  Maybe I should call back and talk to your girlfriend?
I need help.
This makes me very uncomfortable.
See the thing is I could make it really easy on you -- I already have your credit card number, your information, address and stuff. This is so awkward asking like this, I'm sorry --
No. No. We got disconnect -- why?.....you're calling me at work....how did you get this number -- ?
We got disconnected before....
Hello?
I was wondering if it's better to ask your girlfriend for the money? It could be really easy. I mean, I have all your information, credit card information and billing stuff --
....what....?
Should I call back and talk to your girlfriend?
No. I'm sorry.
So you think you can?
I thought you had your own business. You said you were gonna diversify and all that stuff....
Yes I can't....I don't make enough money to be able to do that.
Yeah. It's so hard these days and I really need it.
You have trouble, financial trouble?
Really? Please?
Yes, no, yes. I can't. I can't afford that. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Like seven-fifty. Seven hundred fifty?
I know but I....how much is it?
You don't even know how much it is.
I can't really. Yeah, no. I mean. I can't afford it.
Yeah.
Me?
This is really weird and really embarrassing for me but....uh....  I was wondering if you could help me out with a little bit of money.
Yes.
Remember last night I was talking to you and I was telling you about my apartment, my rent -- ?  Do you remember?
Uh-huh.
Can I ask you a question?
Yes.
You're going to work now?
Not very late.
Uhhh...I am sooo tired...I stayed up too late last night, what about you, when did you go to sleep?
I'm going to work.
I just wanted to call and talk to you, thank you for last night, try and get you before you went to work and say, "hey."
Yeah. No. It's ok. What's goin' on?
It's ok that I'm calling, right, I mean? It's ok.
Hi....what....what's up....?
Georgia.
I'm fine. Who is this?
Hey. What are you doing? How are you?
Hello?
Ok. SEXY VOICE Yeah...that's it...God I Am So Horny...I wish I was there to help you.....I wish I was there for you, Barry.
Well why don't you take your pants off and stroke it for me?
No.
So.....are you stroking it, yet, honey?
I do pretty good, I think. I wish I was making more, doing a little bit better. I can,t get over a certain hump. I will...I will crack something soon I think and really do better...I'd like to diversify...but I'm doing great, I think, as a start.
Yeah....do you do well, do you make alotta money?
I have my own business....I work. I work hard at doing my business.
Thank you. What do you do, Barry?
You sound very cute, very nice.
...yeah....well you have me now.
Sometimes when I'm lonely.
Does Jack like to Jack Off?
...yeah.....
I'm horny, Jack, what about you?
She's...not here...she went out. She went out of town, she travels a lot.
Where is she?
...yes...
You have a girlfriend?
No.
Yeah....you're married aren't you, Jack?
It doesn't matter.
What do you mean, "really?" Yeah. Really. What about you?
Really?
I don't lie, Jack. I'm about 5'8, blonde 34,28,34. Pretty thin, I work out. My pussy's shaved. My friends say I'm pretty cute, so....
Well. I have no way of knowing. So it doesn't matter.
What do you mean it doesn't matter?
It doesn't matter.
Yeah. And looking at myself in the mirror. Do you wanna know what I look like?
Really?
I'm wearing a t-shirt and panties.
No.
Are your pants off?
...just talking to you....
Yeah? So what are you doing, then?
....no....
Yeah....? So...Jack...are you stroking that big fat fucking cock of yours?
Sure.
Do you like porno movies?
No.
Are you watching a porno movie?
No, I mean, what city, what state are you in?
I'm in my bedroom.
Where are you?
I'm just laying on my bed.
No.
Nothing, huh, do you know what I'm doing?
Nothing.
So what are you doing tonight, Jack?
Hi. This is Jack.
This is Georgia.
Yes.
Hi, is this Jack?
Hello, this is Back.
So here we go.
If you give me six to eight weeks I can redeem the mileage and then I can with you wherever you have to travel......
Ok.
You can't do that.
I'm sorry.
You left me at the hospital.
Lena I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that I left you at the hospital..... I called a phone sex line. I called a phone sex line before I met you and then these four blond brothers came after me and you got hurt and I'm sorry -- and I had to leave because I don't want you to get hurt again and now I'm here and I'm back and I have a lot of pudding that I can redeem in six to eight weeks and if you give me that much time I can get enough miles to fly with you wherever you have to go if you have to travel for your job because I don't want to be anywhere without you.....can you please let me redeem the mileage?
Let's go to the hospital.
What is this?
Yes I'm sorry.
I'm fine are you ok?
Are you ok?
I thought that you were anyway.
It's ok to ask that.
Yeah.
Can I come home with you when we get there?
I forgot about that.
Yeah.
That's right you travel so much.
I think maybe over a hundred.
How many times have you been on an airplane?
I don't have any business here. I came here for you, I didn't have any business.
For work.....
For what?
Where do you have to go?
This is nice.
Yeah.
This is funny.
I know. I know. I know. I just wanna chew your face and scoop out your beautiful, beautiful eyes with an ice cream scooper and eat 'em and chew 'em and suck on 'em. Fuck.
IIIIIIIIIII don't want to hurt anything ever, but what I'm talking about is -- have you ever held a little puppy or a little kitten and it's just the cutest, softest, most precious thing in the world and out of the blue you get this feeling in your gut and all you wanna do is squeeze it. Just fuckin squeeze the shit out of it. To take a little puppy and smash its skull...just so precious, so beautiful. Just so god damn wonderful and cute you wanna smack it and kick it and love it. Fuck. I don't know. I don't know. And you, you.....I'm looking at you and I just....your face is so beautiful I just wanna smash it, just smash it with a sledgehammer and squeeze it...you're so pretty.
...what...?
I know what you mean, I know what you mean, I get this feeling --
I just...your face is so adorable and your cheek and your skin, I wanna bite it....I wanna bite your cheek and chew on it....god damn cute....fuck....
What's that? What is that that you're doing?
Oh my god, you are so adorable. I just....god dammit.
Yeah.
Do you wanna have sex?
This really looks like Hawaii here.
It's so nice.
Yeah......yeah.....
You got me out of my hotel room. You came and got me out of my room.
Ok. Where are you from originally?
Do you want to meet me and talk about this stuff?
Ok. So you were married for how long?
yeah.
Where you married?
When was the last time you had a girlfriend?
I just wanted to make sure.
About six months ago. Why?
No. What do you mean? BARRY I just wanted to know. When was the last time you had a boyfriend?
You don't have a boyfriend or anything do you?
Well let's do something do you want to do something, can you meet me?
I'm calling you, I'm standing in my hotel room, I came because I have my business trip --
OH WOW. YEAH. THAT'S GREAT. YOU CAME, YOU CAME. What are you doing?
Yes.
HI. WHERE ARE YOU? ARE YOU HERE?
It's Barry.
Yeah?
Lena?
Hello?
Thank you.
Have a good trip.
Ok.
I don't freak out.
...I don't know what you mean....
I don't, no matter what my sisters say, ok?
What do you mean?
I don't freak out very often.
Ok.
I'll see you later.
Yeah.
That was good.
So what do I do then?
Yeah.
Really?
I just wanted you to know, wherever you're going or whatever you're doing right now I want you to know that I wanted to kiss you just then.
Hi.
This is Lena.
This is Barry.
Ok. Have a good trip.
Ok. Well call me when you get back, I mean, I'll call you when I get back. I'll be back for three weeks and then I go away for a month after that. So maybe in that time....
I don't know.
You don't think you'll go --
Yeah, I don't know, we'll see about that.
If you come to Hawaii --
Yeah.
I'll be around and back in town in a few days --
It was nice to see you again, to see your face again, to go out with you --
...yeah...
Ok....well...I'm gonna go.
Yes no not really.
So you must travel a lot with all that pudding you bought?
Oh that's great.
Yes? I'm trying.
Are you learning how to play it?
...yes I did...?
Did you take it from the street in front of your work?
What?
Did you pick it up from the street?
Well, it's fine. Thank you.
Your portable reed organ....the piano.
Yes I'm fine. Everything is ok. It's fine. Everything is fine.
Did something happen; are you alright?
There's a better place for us to eat.
Ok.
I have a better idea of where we can go.
Nothing.
What did he want?
Nothing.
What happened?
Yes.
Is everything ok?
Your sister was telling me a pretty funny story about you, when you guys were kids and you were building a ramp for your dog and you threw a hammer through a window? Is that right? You threw a hammer through a sliding glass door?
My friend Carlos is doing it who works with me. It's his. It's his pudding, he's doing it. It's not mine. He's crazy. I told him not to do it. He's the one who's insane. He only spent about one hundred dollars so far though --
I thought you said you bought all that pudding --
No I didn't say that.
I'm sorry. I thought you said --
....No....
So that was your pudding?
....yeah....
That's insane. That is really, really crazy. That's just crazy if you spend three thousand dollars on pudding.
You see if you spent $3,000 dollars on pudding you could earn over one million frequent flyer miles.
Yeah, no, I see --
You see?
Yeah.
That's what's used to redeem the mileage, so in noticing the pudding, each cup had an individual bar code -- in other words: Two dollars and fifty cents for ten cups of pudding is 500 miles. Add in the coupon: it's one thousand. You see?
Yeah.
-- the promotion says: buy any 10 Healthy Choice products and get 500 miles of airline travel or 1,000 for purchases made with a special coupon. So in the supermarket, you notice their products, first you notice they have a Teriyaki Chicken Dinner at $1.79 - that's a pretty good deal....but then I noticed they had soup at 89 cents a can.....and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it's a really amazing deal because I stumbled across the pudding at 25 cents a cup. Now the crucial thing is the bar codes on the label. That's those little bar codes, you know? The universal product codes?
You were talking about the promotion --
....I'm sorry....I lost my thoughts, what I was saying....
Yeah?
So that pudding was bought, I bought that pudding because of a pretty interesting promotion that's sponsored by Healthy Choice and American Airlines. It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products. They make frozen meals, deli meats, pasta sauce, breads, soups and ice creams, this sort of thing.....
Yeah.
That's nice. It's nice.  I've been looking around a lot lately at promotional giveaways, cross promotional work by some companies. Do you remember all that pudding?
No, no. I did.
Did you really come to meet me on purpose or are you lying about that?
Yeah. Yeah we get along well.  You didn't get along with her very well?
You like her?
About six months.
How long have you known her?
Yeah.
That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you for saying that.  You're friends with my sister?
...I thought I should tell you. I didn't want to get too far along on going out and be hiding something --
...really? That's nice...are you lying?
It's Barry.
Who is it?
....Hi.....
....Hi.....
Alright?
Ok.
I didn't ask anyone for a shrink, that was someone else. Also: This pudding is not mine. Also: I'm wearing a suit because I had a very important business meeting this morning and I don't have a crying problem.
Yeah.
This is funny.
Sure.
Can I write down my address and phone number for you?
Sure.
Do you want to pick me up?
Sure.
I'm going to go and eat tomorrow night do you want to go with me?
Ok.
It was great to meet you again. To see you again, thanks for helping me yesterday --
-- yeah that would be great, if I was gonna go but I'm not exactly sure, I have so much goin on here -- A lot depends on this thing I might do here and if that happens I can't go and if it doesn't happen then I probably will, but I doubt it.
-- oh that's too bad, it's so great over there and if you were there we could say hello to each other or something --
-- I'm probably not gonna go though.
-- well, if you're gonna go --
I was, yeah, I was thinking about going there for business --
Really?
That's great -- Hawaii. I was thinking about going there.
Are you guys hurt?
Six months, maybe five, five or six months...do you wanna check that?
It's ok. That's ok. How long have you worked with Elizabeth?
Oh My God.
That's not mine it's one of the guys that works here. That pudding's not mine.
What do you do with all this pudding?
It's terrible, no.
That must be nice. That must be really, really, really great.
No. I'm the exact opposite --
Do you have brothers or sisters?
Yes. LENA Elizabeth has a picture of you guys -- your sisters and you, it's a lot of family, it must be nice.
I saw a picture of you.
Yeah, not really.
Business is good, you're busy?
No. Not at all. It's nice.
It must be weird for you to have so many sisters?
It's fine. It was fun, though.
I'm sorry I couldn't come to your sister's birthday party last night, Elizabeth had invited me and I couldn't make it --
Yes I do.
Do you remember me, I left my car, yesterday.
Hi.
Hi.
Ok.
Maybe I'll see you later, when I pick up my car?
Thank you.
Ok. Maybe I'll see you later. Thank you for your help.
Yeah.
There's a piano in the street.
I think that'll be fine.
You think it's ok where I left it, right there?
Can I ask you, can I trust to leave my keys with you and give them to you so that when they get here you could give them to them? BARRY Ok.
Not very well.
Do you know them.
I don't know.
I thought they opened at seven.  If I left my car would it be ok?
I don't know.
Is it ok if I leave my car you think?
They don't get opened until eight.
They're not open yet?
No.
Hi. Do you work at the mechanic?
Bye.
Ok, bye, bye.
Ok.
It's fine. I can just get you at your office.
Ok...because of the time difference if you needed to call me early?
I'm fine, I have your work number.
If you wanted to call me back I could...
For what?
Did you have my home phone number?
Right. Alright, lemme call you first thing tomorrow, I'm gonna run the numbers, see what's what and I'll give you a call back --
It's a plastic, yeah.
If they break or something. What is it, plastic?
....I'm not exactly sure what that means...
That's fine.
Can I pay you here? Can I pay you for our drinks and salad?
Sorry.
The police are on their way.
Please don't do this to me.
I'm gonna call the police then, sir.
Yeah, but I didn't do anything.
Alright, well you're gonna have to leave. You're gonna have to go.
I didn't do it.
Sir, I have no way of proving that you demolished the bathroom --
Why?
I'm gonna have to ask you to leave.
I know.
Your hand is bleeding.
Why? ...what?
I didn't do that.
Sir, a young man saw you coming out of the bathroom.
On my knife.
How?
I cut myself.
You're hand is bleeding.
I don't know.
Well who did?
No.
You didn't just smash up the bathroom?
No.
Did you do it?
Yeah.
Just have you for one second, please.
Why?
I thought I was just gonna be connected to talk to a girl - that's fine, ok, I'm sorry, it's, um.....818....
It's a call back service -- a girl will call you back.
No I just....I don't want to, I just want to be connected to talk to a girl.
That's fine. Can I have a telephone number, area code first on where we can call you back?
I just don't want anyone to know it's me.
You want her to call you Jack?
Can you say that my name is Jack?
No one will know your name.
337-09-9876. But I don't want anyone to know my name.
It's ok, take your time.
337.....I'm sorry....
Of course, it's just for us to verify your credit card information. It's completely confidential and it appears on your credit card billing statement as D&D Mattress Man.
-- and this is confidential?
It's just for verification through the credit card company.
What's that for?
And your Social Security number.
Barry Egan.
And your name?
.....1274 Moorpark. Sherman Oaks, California. #4. 91403.
And your billing address and the name as it appears on the card?
...3407 2627 3444 8095 expiration 05/04.
Of course. Would you like to talk to a girl? I can connect you with a beautiful girl if I can just get your credit card number followed by the expiration date?
It's....confidential, the call, my information is private.
What do you mean?
......and this is confidential?
-- it's $2.99 per minute for the first half hour and $1.99 per minute after that.
Can I ask how much is this?
Can I have your credit card number, followed by the expiration date?
Yes it is.
Hi, is this your first time calling?
Hello, how are you?
Hi, this is Janice The Operator, who's this?
Thank you.
That's that.
Can we agree that that is that?
Yes I did.
You came all the way from Los Angeles to tell me that?
I'm a nice and reasonable man. I didn't do anything wrong. Please don't make me hurt you. And I'm telling you: that if you ever hurt me or if you hurt someone that I love.....I will hurt you many, many, many times over.....because it's not right to take people's trust.
You just told me to fuck off. That wasn't good. You're dead.
YOU FUCK OFF. YOU FUCK OFF AND DIE I WILL HURT YOU FOR HURTING HER. YOU HURT HER.
I'll say whatever I want --
NO. NO. DON'T YOU SAY THAT.
You better watch your mouth, cunt, you're gonna get hurt.
You are bad. You are a bad person. you are a bad person and you have no right to take people's confidence in your service --
Now are you threatening me, dick?
CALM DOWN SHUT THE FUCK UP AND CALM DOWN SHUT SHUT SHUT UP SHUT UP --
YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. YOU GO FUCK YOURSELF. MY LOVE WAS HURT, SHE GOT HURT. I AM IN LOVE WITH HER AND YOU HURT YOU AND YOU ARE GONNA FUCKING GET HURT. YOU DON'T TOUCH HER, I LOVE HER.
I haven't even told you what's happened. Your girl that you have that works there for you threatened me and two men just chased me -- extorted money -- DEAN Go fuck yourself that shit doesn't have anything to do with me - this is a legitimate bossiness.
I said calm down and shut the fuck up. What's your problem?
What?
Why don't you shut the fuck up?
Hello, my name is Barry Egan and I called your service --
Who is this?
....I have seven.
How many sisters do you have?
.....Well yes I do....  But one more thing I wanted to tell you guys about the new plungers is that we're making the handles now in a non-breakable material called.....
I didn't know you had a sister?
Sorry about that.
I think you have a call?
Yes.....we do ask for....30 to 60 days....
We back our plungers 100% and we do ask for a 30 to 60 day display on the floor.....
You do guaranteed sale? etc.
I don't know if there's anything wrong with me because I don't know how other people are.....Sometimes I cry a lot.....for no reason.
You want a number for a psychiatrist, I can get you one, that's not a problem. but what exactly is wrong?
I don't have anyone to talk to things about and I understand it's confidential with a doctor - I'm embarrassed about that and I don't want my sisters to know?
Like a psychiatrist?
I know that. Maybe you know other doctors?
I don't like the way I am sometimes.  Can you help me? WALTER Barry, I'm a dentist, what kind of help do you think I can give you?
Yeah.
I wanted to ask you because you're a doctor, right?
It's alright.
And I'm sorry that I did that.
Mhm.
Well I'm sorry. Before...
What's up?
Maybe you said that because you're hungry.....
That was weird. I meant good.
Yeah.
Business is very food, thanks. ELIZABETH What's very food?
How's business?
Hi Walter.
How you doin' Barry?
Ok. You're connected.
Fine, thank you.
Ok, sir....I'm gonna put you through to my supervisor.
Can you hang on a second?
That's not true. That's not true at all. You said that your name was Georgia and you said our conversation was confidential and I trusted you and you kept calling and asking me for money, c'mon now I want to talk to your owner, your supervisor, whoever runs this, you understand. Please connect me now.
...no....I don't....I don't remember you. Who's this?
My name is Barry Egan and I spoke to you....you called me, you remember?
This is Janice the operator, who's this?
No, no, no, no, nO, NO, NO!
It takes time to process --
How am I supposed to know what to do if you don't say it -- if it's not in your rules and regulations in your fine print how am I supposed to know how to be with this --
I'm sorry.
I had this whole thing in my head, I was gonna be able to get this to you today -- I have to leave today --
It takes that much time to process the order and make sure it's valid --
No, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? It doesn't state anywhere about six to eight weeks.
Well I had to go to Utah...but now I'm here and I'll be right back.
Where you been?
Let's just figure that out later --  Ok. I gotta go. I'm just gonna go now and I'll call you from there, you're in charge 'till I get back. And don't tell my sisters anything? He exits.
Yeah.
....now: this pudding?
That's funny.
Yeah.
You know you can get places in the world with pudding. That's funny.
Ok.
Alright: And I have to go and buy some more pudding for this trip to Hawaii and as I just said that out loud I'm realizing it sounds a little strange but it's not. So can you come and help me out?
Ok.
Yeah but you can't tell my sisters that.
Wow, you're goin' to Hawaii, that's great -- you're goin -- ?
I'm going to go to Hawaii but you can't tell my sisters that.
Where you goin?
Ok. Well. I'm gonna go out of town. I'm going to go out of town just for two days...
....I made a call.....  ....and, uh....
What happened?
I think I got in trouble. A little bit of trouble....
What's up?
I have to talk to you in a second about that, Lance, ok?
You talkin' to me about Ramada Inn?
I'll tell you...the guy...with...just talk to me later about it, ok?
Which guy in Toledo are you talking about?
...I'll tell you later.
WHICH?
It's not a piano. LANCE! LANCE! MAKE SURE THAT YOU CALL THAT GUY IN TOLEDO.
Let's just leave it there for now.
So what should I do with the pudding?
No thanks.
You should go on a trip.
No.........but airline miles are just like a currency these days.
You're goin' on a trip?
That's part of a very interesting airline promotion giveaway that's really tremendous. I'm going to start a collection of pudding and coupons that can be redeemed for frequent flyer miles through Healthy Choice and American Airlines --
What's with all this pudding, what is this?
Hi, Lance.
Good morning, Barry....
...it just....I don't know....I don't know.
Why is it here? Barry....Barry?
That's not a piano.....I have a piano at home.....where'd you get it?
I don't know. I think it's a piano....a small piano.
What is this?
....yes.....
Yeah.....you got here early huh?
Um....I bought one. I thought maybe it would be nice to get dressed for work, can I show you something?
Why you wearin' a suit?
Yes I'm fine.
You ok?
Hey...Lance....can I.....
Hey, good morning, Barry.
You know, please, I just wanna say that I didn't say I would help her out; I was very clear about it....I don't think that this is fair.....wait, wait, wait, ouch, ouch.....
Ok. This is what you get when you're a pervert -- you said you'd help someone out and you didn't so we're just getting some money for her and that's that.
Alright, alright.
HEY. You made a fucking sex call and now you're gonna pay. It's not a big thing -- just give us some money and then it's over -- we'll just walk down to the ATM and get your money out --
No.
You have another house somewhere or something?
Yes.
Is this where you live?
Yes.
You have an ATM?
Nothing....I mean, really...change, nothing....that's the cash I have....
What do you have in the house?
It's three hundred and twenty dollars, just take it.
Just take it, take the money in my pockets, take it, it's fine --
How much money do you have in your pockets?
Whoa...whoa...wait, wait -- don't please....
It's just you need to give me the money...do you have it right now?
Please don't do this.
No, no, no, no c'mon man, don't make it a thing --
Wait a minute --
You made a phone call and you said you'd help a girl out and then you didn't....I'm here to get the money.
You gotta give me some money.
What?
I need to talk to you for a second.
Hi.
Hey.
I'm sorry, I know. I know that it's....
This is a bunch of bullshit.
Each pudding cup has to be scanned individually so that...it's for a giveaway...a product giveaway by this company...
Well....what do you want, then?
Yes. Sorry.
Are you serious with this?
I'm sorry.
What is this, man?
They need to be scanned individually. They each have a bar code, so I need it scanned individually so that each and every cup appears on the receipt...
Yes, yes, right.
Yes you do. We were calling you Gay Boy and you got so mad....
I don't really remember that.
I won't.
Don't puss out.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you there.
Ok.
Yeah but I'm serious.
I know.
You can't just stay in your house.
I know.
Seriously.
I know.
You can't just not show up like you do, you have to go.
I know.
You can't be late though.
Ok.
Seriously.
I know.
I'm serious.
I won't.
You can't be late.
Seven o'clock.
What time are you gonna be there?
I'm just talking on the phone to you and standing.
Right now, you're doing nothing?
Nothing.
What are you doing?
Yes I am.
Are you going to the party tonight?
Hi, Kathleen, I'm just working.
What are you doing?
This is Barry.
Can we maybe ask for more money on this?
That's it.
Ok.
This is this place called Ace Vintage, you gotta find it, I don't know exactly where this is and I don't understand these maps so just go there and check it out. It's a '61 AC Cobra that this old guy says is fine, but I need to figure out why he's only asking 23 for it. So take a look, the whole thing, call me about that, if it seems alright then I'll head down there and check it out.
David, Don't. Just. Seriously. It doesn't make sense if you think about it in a fair deal like sense. Ok? It's business. Seriously. One hundred dollars for two days work is a lot more than your family is making sitting around your house. I'm serious now. Ok. Please. Now. Just stop.
It's....whatever....that's not cool.
-- she didn't know what she was talking about --
I thought Latisha said you would --
Your expenses are your own.
I want you to go right away, I think that's best. I also need you to check out a car for me down there that this guy is selling.
As soon as you want.
When can you leave?
That's cool.
Shut up, just put him on the phone, it doesn't matter, just shut up --
No, no. This is bad, something might have happened, we should just --
Put him through.
Nothing.
What did you say?
Hey, it's me. This guy from L.A., Barry Egan is calling on the other line and saying all this stuff, he wants to talk to a supervisor or whatever --
Hello?
You don't need to talk all macho, "shake him out, little bad boy." Whatever -- you're not an action hero, tough guy, you're not a gangster --
What's the problem?
Uch. Shut up, Dean.
...keys for the track. You have to gas it up and save the receipts on that. His address. We have a business address too if you need that -- but hit him at his house first, see what this little bad boy is all about and shake him up -- give him a little doe-see-doe --
I'm only paying two of you guys.
So they'll go.
Ok.
I'll just see you when you get back here.
Should I call you later?
I think he's weird, but that's me.
I'm sorry. You're right.
Well...he's not that strange, don't say that.
He did seem a little strange.
You wouldn't want to go out with him anyway, honestly, he's such a freak sometimes.
It's fine.
I have no idea what he's doing then. I'm sorry that didn't work out.
No.
So...did my brother call you?
Ok.
Just tell him to call me.
Ok. What should I do about Eric?
They need to see the new 484's to make sure it works with their OC....
Ok.
So I'll meet you at the restaraunt?
Bye, Barry.
Will you call me later to talk about asking Walter for the shrink? And we can talk about - he said you have this crying problem or something?
Are you ready?
Are you coming to eat with us?
You ready?
I can't find that thing in my car, I can't find it so I'll just get it and give it to you later. So?
Yeah, no, I have to get something from my car, I said.
We should be going --
Sorry.
It's ok, it's alright. I'll come right back, I'll just go pay for my car.
-- he's so strange I don't know if you really even would want to go out with him, someone like him, I said I'd try, but it's just --
It's not bad, it's ok.
He's being weird, I'm sorry. I have no idea why he's being weird and dressed in a suit --
Yeah.
Are you sure?
I'll go pay for my car.
Are you learning how to play the piano? What is that?
It's ok. That's alright.
It's fine.
He's wearing a suit again, I don't know why he's wearing a suit, he doesn't usually dress like that --
