We've still a few lone incurables. Prone to violence, to perversion.
My years tending the lepers at St. Emilion steeled me for life's grisliest offerings, Doctor.
Of course, everything's not as harmonious as it seems. I hope you've a strong constitution.
Ever since his unfortunate death, there's been a surge of interest in his work. I'll use the profits to restore Charenton to her former glory.
I don't believe it. The Marquis de Sade? You're actually publishing his novels?
They've the satisfaction only a hard day's labor can provide.
It's remarkable, Doctor. The patients are so subdued; so docile.
-- and the listless ones do the binding.
I'm afraid that our endowment has shrivelled to a mere pittance; we're the laughing stock of all France. But -- on a happier note --
I'm pleased to have the new post, sir.
Welcome to Charenton, Abbe du Maupas.
I think she's sweet on him, that's what I think.
If you're going to slander him, then you don't deserve to hear his stories --
Then what's he doing here?
He's a writer, not a madman.
I hear he's got a whetstone and chisel, and he uses them to sharpen his teeth.
Once or twice.
You've been to his quarters, haven't you?
No one's forcing you to listen.
We oughtn't be reading his nasty stories --
"And so the Professor lifted Colombe's skirt high, above her waist. 'Let me be your Tutor,' said he, 'in the ways of love.' With that, he slid her pantalettes down, down, down over her knees, and there -- nestled between her legs -- as pink as a tulip, as slick as an eel --"
"...a poker... he took a poker from the fire..."
"To seal the wound, he took a poker from the fire --"
"With that, Fanchon expelled a scream so extravagantly pitched, that the surgeon was obliged to tear out her tongue --"
"With that, Fanchon expelled a scream so extravagantly pitched, that the surgeon was obliged to tear out her tongue --"
"One day, Fanchon was visited by a surgeon. He ran his fingers across her naked skin, pulling apart folds of flesh, inspecting follicles..."
"One day, Fanchon's first client was a surgeon. He ran his fingers across her naked skin, pulling apart folds of flesh, inspecting each and every follicle..."
Now give the signal.
At your service, Count.
Yes, well, I awoke to discover I'd turned into a cat. If you don't do as I say, I'll sink my little fangs into your drumsticks, and suck the marrow straight out of your bones.
I'm no longer a man! I awoke to discover I'd turned into a sparrow!
For fuck's sake, who else would it be? The witching hour's arrived; you've alerted the others, yes?
Marquis? Is that you?
Don't come any closer, Abbe. God's watching.
If you'd grant me a final favor, I'd like the chance to explain myself --
You'll hate me now, won't you?
Don't come back, not tonight, not again --
What? What've I done?
Go back to your room. Quickly.
They incite us to act. In ways we should not... cannot... a lesson the Marquis would do well to learn.
Why not?
Madeleine, I... there are certain things... feelings... we must not voice.
Mother's not half so blind as you.
By whom? The Marquis?
It's a sin against God for me to refuse your kindness. But my heart's held fast here...
"Turn you out?"
Don't turn us out, Abbe.
I've you to look after me, haven't I?
Charenton has changed; it's not safe for you here.
Is that a promise you can truly keep?
I haven't been to see the Marquis for ages. And I won't -- ever again -- I swear it. I won't speak to him, I won't even utter his name --
The Doctor's a respected man, a friend of the court --
He's not the man who's cast a shadow here.
In part, yes.
If I wasn't such a bad woman on the page, Abbe, I'll hazard I couldn't be such a good woman in life.
Why not act the role of heroines instead? Queen Esther from the Bible, or St. Joan?
I put myself in his stories. I play the parts. Each strumpet, each murderess.
But why heap such ghastly fantasies atop an already ghastly existence?
Ow!
It's a hard day's wages, slaving away for madmen. What I've seen in life, it takes a lot to hold my interest.
But why must you indulge in his pornography?
Don't say that; reading's my salvation.
Had I known your taste in novels, I never would've taught you to read.
Not now, or we're both done for.
I was wrong to free him, but so are you -- for taking all his treasures -- his quills and his ink --
His stinking breath caused my eyes to run, that's all.
Has he hurt you?
The next time you feel the urge to visit the Marquis, I hope you'll come to confession instead.
Yes, Abbe?
Madeleine --
We can't. All we can do is guard against our own corruption.
Then how can we know who is truly good, and who is evil?
You'd deny a dying man his salvation?
I don't take my orders from you; not anymore.
I must grant him his last rites.
Mustn't do that, sir.
Free his mouth.
You needn't worry, Valcour. It's administrative, nothing more.
They've got no right, sending someone to sit on your shoulder. I work for you; I won't take orders from a stranger.
Of course.
Surely you'll grant me a final word.
I'm here.
Abbe de Coulmier!
Tomorrow, we'll cut out your tongue.
I dare you. Stab my flesh. Which one of us will bleed?
We inspected the body, Marquis. She died a virgin.
I FUCKED HER COUNTLESS TIMES! IN EVERY ORIFICE! AND ALL THE WHILE, SHE PLEAD FOR MORE --
Then it must've been love --
NEVER!
Was it impotence?
Who's to say I did not?
Why was it you never took her by force?
Go to hell!
You're no stranger to rape, Marquis; and yet with her, you cooed. You courted. You begged.
IT'S NOT YOUR PROVINCE TO ASK.
AND DID YOU?
I WANTED TO FUCK HER, THAT'S ALL!
I know, because I felt it myself --
Don't confuse one organ with another --
-- the passion in your heart --
-- that was lust --
I saw the longing in your eye --
Oh, that's rich -- coming from her lapdog --
It's no secret that you loved her.
So many authors are denied the gratification of a concrete response to their work. I am blessed, am I not?
An innocent child is dead.
For fuck's sake, Abbe! What am I to do? Police my readers as you police me? Suppose one of your precious wards had attempted to walk on water and drowned? Would you condemn the Bible? I think not!
Your words drove Bouchon to --
Oh, I'm to be blamed now, am I?
Your wig. Remove your wig.
It's a potent aphrodisiac, isn't it? Power over another man.
NOW STRIP.
Oh, but you must, my pumpkin! Sex without flirtation is merely rape!
I DO NOT MEAN TO FLIRT, MARQUIS!
Coulmier, you animal!
OFF WITH YOUR CLOTHES!
I wasn't talking about Madeleine.
You expect me to pimp Madeleine?
A night spent with the partner of my choice.
What on earth would that require?
I could be convinced to abandon my writing, quite voluntarily.
What in God's name am I to do with you? The more I forbid, the more you're provoked!
A man after my own heart...
If it were up to the Doctor, you'd be flayed alive.
Morbid gratification? NO! I write what I've seen; the endless procession to the chopping block. We're all lined up at the guillotine, waiting for the crunch of the blade. Rivers of blood are flowing beneath our feet, Abbe.
Its horrors, perhaps! Its darkest nightmares! And to what end? Nothing but your own morbid gratification --
I DIDN'T CREATE THIS WORLD OF OURS! I ONLY RECORD IT!
Because your writing continues, unchecked.
WHY THIS SUDDEN TORTURE?
-- and your meat shall be de-boned.
-- water! --
Orvolle. His wine.  From now on, nothing but water at every meal --
Virgin birth -- ha! An entire religion, built on an oxymoron!
Valcour. His chair.
That's a Turkish weave, you numbskull; it costs more than you'll earn in your lifetime --
And my chaise -- am I being denied the privilege of sitting -- of plopping down my ass --
His rug.
My bed, gone! Am I to freeze to death?
THEN BUGGER ME!
Good day, Marquis.
You're tense, darling. You could use a long, slow screw.
That's enough.
"Part the gates of heaven," as it were --
I don't know who you insult more; her or me.
Madeleine. She's besotted with me; she'd do anything I ask. She could pay you a midnight visit --
You always do.
I have a proposition.
Whores and pederasts? You're better off without them.
I'll die of loneliness! I've no company but the characters I create --
You know what sacrilege is, don't you? The last refuge of the failed provocateur.
That monstrous God of yours? He strung up his very own son like a side of veal; I shudder to think what He'd do to me.
Start with the Bible; it's cheerier, and more artfully written.
Try reading, for a change. The writer who produces more than he reads? The sure mark of an amateur.
You can't --! You mustn't --! I've all the demons of hell in my head; my only salvation is to vent them on paper --
Perhaps -- in time -- you'll earn them back through good behavior --
If you won't be true to your word, then you've left me no choice.
What the devil --
We held a mirror up to the Doctor, and -- apparently -- he didn't like what he saw.
How can one man possibly be so selfish?
He can't do that to me.
Don't be absurd; it's only a play.
You mean to take us all down with you?
Honestly! You cut me to the core! What's the point of all your valiant attempts at rehabilitation if -- when I finally succumb -- when at long last, I pledge myself to righteous conduct -- you regard me with nothing but suspicion? Have you no faith in your own medicine?
If you only mean to dupe me again --
Do I have your word?
You've a touch of the poet, too; perhaps you should take up the quill.
You among them?
Fuck 'em! They're half-wits and pinheads. Let 'em die on the streets, as Nature intended.
Put yourself in my place. I've your fellow patients to consider. If Charenton falls, they've no place to go. No manner in which to clothe or feed themselves --
Mightier than the sword indeed.
Our future lies in the stroke of your pen.
They can't be serious.
More than your writing's at stake. The Ministry has threatened us with closure.
It's that Doctor fellow, isn't it? He's come to usurp your place here, hasn't he?
One more trick like this, and I'll be forced to revoke all your liberties!
I thought that was your duty, Abbe, not mine.
But isn't that the duty of art? To elevate us above the beast?
It's a fiction, not a moral treatise.
But we also fall in love; we build cities, we compose symphonies, and we endure. Why not put that in your books as well?
I write of the great, eternal truths that bind together all mankind! The whole world over, we eat, we shit, we fuck, we kill and we die.
And such puny scope! Nothing but the very worst in man's nature!
There I was taxed; it's true.
It's not even a proper novel! It's nothing but an encyclopedia of perversions! Frankly, it even fails as an exercise in craft. The characters are wooden; the dialogue is inane. Not to mention the endless repetition of words like "nipple" and "pikestaff" --
And --?
Enough to discern its tenor.
Have you truly read the book in question? Or did you run -- straightaway -- to the dog-eared pages?
But you've no right to publish! Behind my back, without my sanction!
But you implored me to write! For curative purposes, to stave off my madness --
What did you do? Bribe one of the guards?
Yes! It is! The paper's cheap, the type's too small --
I'll fill page after page, I promise.
Take your pen in hand, Marquis. Purge these wicked thoughts of yours on paper; maybe they'll govern you less in life.
Don't be so sure.
I'm not a beautiful young prospect, ripe for corruption.
I'm entertaining you now, aren't I?
In exchange, we ask only that you follow the rules. Now you know as well as I do... you're not to entertain visitors in your quarters.
It's true, dear-heart, you've spoiled me pink.
We treat you well enough here, don't we Marquis? Your very own featherbed, in lieu of a straw mat. Your antique writing desk, all the way from LaCoste. Enough quills to feather an ostrich --
I should've told you it was the blood of Christ; you'd believe that, wouldn't you?
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when it's lubricated.
It's not even noon --
Care for a splash of wine, Abbe?
Gibberish, my friend. He rants and he raves --
I've stared into the face of evil...  ...and I've lived to tell the tale. Now... for your own sake... let me write it down.
No, sir. Plainly put, I never expect to sleep again.
Will you sleep soundly tonight?
I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name. I will not be the last.
And you? It must've been an ordeal.
Poorly.
How is the patient faring?
And my own.
My, my. You have exceeded my expectations.
HER NAME, ABBE.
I beg you, Doctor, don't make me say it.
Perhaps you'll be so kind as to remind me of her name...
He was so impressed with the Marquis' tale that he chose to re-enact it, yes?
As you say, Doctor.
You'd suffer in her stead?
If only blood will appease you, then shed mine.
Madeleine's not wicked. It's the Marquis who's corrupted her. That's not her fault; it's mine.
This child let loose the beast from its cage --
It's a weak man who tests his mettle on the backs of children --
He'll do no such thing.
What could cause a tincture like this?
You'll get more from her with kindness than you will with force.
Do more. Otherwise, I'll be forced to report to the Ministry that the inmates are indeed running the asylum.
I'll do everything in my power --
-- a veritable freak show for tourists and curiosity seekers. Charenton is a sanatorium; she is not a circus. The theater is henceforth closed. As for your avowed friend -- playwright emeritus of the madhouse --
That's not our intent --
You ought to be ashamed, Abbe. Exploiting those drooling, pathetic cretins for financial gain --
No. It most certainly was not.
It was not inspired by circumstance.
Of course.
It was fiction, of course.
Oh indeed?
Madame Bougival; Mademoiselle Clairwil -- and of course -- the Marquis' wife --
-- then I've friends of my own to visit.
I have.
You keep strange company, Abbe. But if you truly have matters in hand here --
He's more than a patient, Doctor; the Marquis is my friend --
He's sworn to obedience.
And --?
I spoke to him with reason and compassion; the tools which serve us best here.
Well?
Charenton is my life's work. To have her wrested from beneath me now --
And place my reputation at stake?
On the contrary. Let me take up this matter with the Marquis myself --
You find this amusing, do you?
A practical man, sir. Given the Marquis' unusual tastes, a sound thrashing on bare flesh may not qualify as a deterrent.
You're a sentimental man.
Why? So he'll learn to fear punishment, rather than pursue virtue for its own reward?
Have you tried bleeding him with leeches? The calming chair? Maybe you should flog him at the stake?
But he's one among some two hundred wards --
In their eyes, the Marquis is the surest barometer of your progress here.
Shut down?
Unless we set Charenton on a straight and narrow course, she'll be shut down forever by order of the Emperor.
Yes?
Abbe, I admire you; I do. You've a conviction... an idealism... peculiar to the very young. And so I'll be candid. The Ministry has sent me here with the most explicit... the most severe instructions.
I've taken vows to live my life within these walls; not outside them.
All France is aghast at this book, yet you've not heard of it?
You have to believe me, I had no idea --
For sale? To the general public? Certainly not; it's unprintable.
Do you favor its publication?
It's essential to his recovery; a purgative for the toxins in his mind.
Well...?
Oh. That.
And his writing?
He no longer roars or spits. He no longer taunts the guards or molests his fellow wards --
What is the impact of all these amenities upon his psyche?
Besides, every wholesome thing he might desire, he has at Charenton. A library, filled with the world's great books, music lessons, watercolor exercises --
A man of his notoriety? He wouldn't last a day on the streets without capture.
And he's never once attempted escape?
Better to have an insane spouse than a criminal one.
His wife's?
His wife's influence.
Why is he in your care, and not a proper prison?
Playing dress-up with cretins? That sounds like a symptom of madness; not its cure.
He's made a great success of our Little Theater; there's seldom an empty seat. Not to mention its therapeutic value.
I hope you'll judge him by his progress here, and not his past reputation.
Indiscretions, Abbe? Please. I've read his case history. At sixteen, he violated a serving girl with a crucifix. After six months in the dungeon at Vincennes, he mutilated a prostitute, cutting her flesh with a razor, then cauterizing the wounds with wax --
A few indiscretions in his youth.
I understand he practices the very crimes he preaches in his fiction.
It seems a particular patient of yours has captured his fancy.
If you don't mind my asking... why has the Emperor taken such sudden interest in my... our... affairs?
I'll need an office on the grounds; someplace to store my things.
You're a man of Science; I'm a man of God. Charenton stands to profit from us both, I'm certain.
It's a formality; truly.
Of course.
This may feel a tad awkward, my friend, but it needn't be. I've merely come to oversee your work here; understood?
Dr. Royer-Collard? May I be the first to welcome you to Charenton --
No one can fault Napoleon for merely bringing a man to his senses.
Yes?
Of course, Your Highness. Nevertheless... cure the Marquis de Sade... succeed, where countless physicians and priests have failed...
But I am history.
A word of caution, Sire: we all remember what happened to Robespierre, Danton and Marat. Put the Marquis to death, and history might even regard you as a despot.
As for the author... shoot him.
Enough!
"As he loosened his manhood from beneath his robes, The Bishop muttered a Latin prayer. And then -- with a mighty thrust -- drove it into her very entrails --"
I don't shed tears over the past, Monsieur Delbenè; I look to the future.
His wife was trying to escape; they caught her on the stair, and set upon her with bayonets.  "There but for the grace of God"... eh, Doctor?
Do you know how I define "idealism," Monsieur Delbenè?
I'm afraid so; he's an idealist. You'll have to be politic.
Charenton? The administrator there is quite well-loved, is he not?
I don't seek popularity or renown, Monsieur Delbenè. Mine is a higher mission.
Quite.
But here at the Hotel Dieu we favor an... aggressive... course of treatment.
Sweet, then? Like the pastry?
You asked my name once; it's Madeleine.
Maybe someday you'll tell me your name.
I'll be waiting.
I'll pay you another visit, with a share of the profits, once its sold.
I'll pass the word on, then.
Monsieur Masse says he'd like another manuscript, quick as you please. He's got himself three presses, and he can't print 'em fast enough.
Here it is; the last chapter.
I'll fill every slippery hollow; if you're obliging, then you'll swallow!
What of my lips, will you soil them too? When you've broken every other taboo?
And then -- to prove your truly mine -- I'll plunder you, darling, from behind!
I tremble with fear! You're bound to pound the quivering lips of my Venus mound!
I'll plunder every lovely pore until you're week and cry "no more!"
Was ever a man more risquè? He wants to take me every way!
My darling, Eugenie, dainty morsel! Get on your back! Let's try it dorsal!
Stop, I beg you! Have pity, I say! You're not my lover; you're a monstrous rouè!
Quickly, my suckling, out of your clothes! My scepter awaits; how solid it grows!
Such gallantry in men is -- sadly -- a rarity; How lucky I am to receive his charity!
At last she arrives, my hard-won bride! Hurry, my child, and scurry inside. There you'll find such treasures await you; Marzipan and meringue to sate you!
It's because of the Marquis, isn't it?
You're more than a priest; you're an angel! Ain't he, Maddy?
Now's not the time to be cheeky, Maddy.
I'm only a laundress; not a detective.
"Well worth the dig!"
Yes?
"The vigor with which he made love caused her bones to dislodge. Still, he granted her the highest compliment he accorded any woman..."
Oh, it's terrible! It's too, too terrible!  Well. Go on.
"A habituè of cemeteries, his proudest conquest was a maid six decades his senior, deceased a dozen years."
Come now, darling, give it a read.
It's not your cup of tea, Mama.
If you won't read it to your own Mama, then perhaps you ought not to be reading it at all.
"What shall I ready?" asked Fanchon. "My mouth, my ass or my succulent oyster?"
...yes, I've got that bit...
Something to make the angels weep, and the Saints to gasp for air...
A tale more horrible than all the rest combined!
Yes! You shall. Of course you shall --
-- whose cell lies next to the linen cabinet! There, armed with a quill of my own, I'll commit it to paper!
-- who'll whisper it to Bouchon --
Tomorrow night, whisper a new tale to your neighbor, Cleante. He'll whisper it to his neighbor Dauphin, who'll whisper it to his neighbor Franval --
Go on, child.
Yes; that's it! A final volley from us both!
You could whisper it through the walls of your cell.
How do you propose I write it? With dust, upon the air?
It needn't be; not if you've another story.
First and foremost, he's a MAN. You remind him of that fact, and he resents you for it.
He's a man of God; he's true to his vows.
Don't be fooled, Madeleine! He fears for himself. He's like a man starving, and you -- ha! -- you're like a pork chop dolloped with heavy cream --
The Abbe's sending me away. He fears for me here, what with the likes of you --
You're far crueler than I, my sweet.
I must say, in your novels you stoke the most unrealistic expectations.
It's only been described to me. In your books.
Surely you've seen a man naked.
They decreed me a savage, and now they have made me one.
They've taken your clothes?
I don't believe it!
My newest book begins at my right cuff, continues across my back, and completes itself at the base of my left shoe...
Tortures so arcane, so medieval, even I haven't the words to describe them. If you've an ounce of pity in your heart, you'll throw caution aside, and unlock my door...
What have they done to you now?
What's that then?
The story's thrilling conclusion comes at a premium.
You demand a lot from your readers, you do.
The climax comes at a higher cost; you must sit on my lap.
It's a long story, this one.
Oh, you. You talk same as you write.
The price, my coquette, is every bit as firm as I am...
Must I administer them directly, or might I blow them?
A kiss for each page.
Fiendishly so.
Is it terribly erotic?
Most assuredly.
Is it awfully violent?
The unhappy tale of a virginal laundry lass, the darling of the lower wards, where they entomb the criminally insane.
I've just the story... inspired by these very surroundings....
Your publisher says I'm not to leave without a new manuscript.
You've already stolen my heart, as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator...
There's something else I want from you.
If only these coins purchased your other talents, too.
I put myself at life and limb. Surely that's worth a few louis.
The peril of composing such incendiary prose...
I suppose you want to know about that silly book of yours.
It's the only frontier I have left, plumcake.
You? Frighten me? That's a good one! I'm twice as fast as you are. Who'd have thought such a spent body can still boast such a fertile mind?
Did I frighten you?
Go ahead; you've a key. Slip it through my tiny hole...
Don't start --
I'm hungry for a proper visit.
No. But tell him I would.
You'd do that, rather than forsake our love?
Tell him -- if he uncovers our whereabouts -- you'll slit your wrists with a razor, and I'll plunge a hat- pin through my heart.
"By the time you read this, we'll be long gone; bound for England or points beyond..."
Tell him I'm no fool. A prison's still a prison, even with Chinese silk and chandeliers.
"...your wife."
And why not? My fortune, siphoned away. My reputation, past repair. I've nothing left to lose.  Silence my husband, or you'll come to know an infamy to rival his own.
It's libelous; you wouldn't dare.
Public scorn carries a terrible sting. Trust me. I'm a woman who knows.
Am I a cursed woman, Doctor? Must I be betrayed by every man I meet --
You've no right to assault me in this fashion; I'll call for my footman. I'll have you removed --
I can say, with the utmost sincerity, that every franc you've given me has been put to sterling use.
If only you'd remained true to our contract! Opiates, for his nerves! Restraints! The man warrants a bed of nails --
This is neither the time nor the place --
I'm on the brink of bankruptcy; my husband's resources are all but exhausted. And to what end, I ask you?
Good God, Marquise --
Once... long ago... in the folly of youth... he made me love him.
Of course.
Doctor... Can I impart to you his cruelest trick?
And I in yours.
I am eternally in your debt.
Now is the time to secure your epitaph. The benevolent Marquise, Charenton's most revered philanthropist... or Satan's Bride.
Don't toy with me, Doctor.
It's beyond perversity. That honor should carry a price tag...
-- words alone are insufficient.
Oh, but I am!
If you're truly determined to step out of the shadow of your husband's celebrity --
That ill-gotten funds, borne of his degeneracy, might now effect his salvation.
What thought is that?
What a beautiful thought, Marquise.
It's tainted money, Doctor.
But you've a pension, haven't you, from the sale of his books?
I am not a wealthy woman.
Perhaps if you were to buttress your entreaties with the means to oblige them...
That barely covers the cost of his room. There's nary a penny left over for appropriate treatments. Opiates to quell his temper. Restraints to chasten him when he misbehaves.
I pay his stipend every month, far more dutifully than I should.
You're aware, are you not, that it costs a great deal to house your husband at Charenton...
Oh you do, do you? It is my dearest hope, Doctor, that he remain entombed forever, and that when at last he perishes in the dank bowels of your institution, he be left as carrion for the rodents and the worms.
I assume you've come to plead for clemency on your husband's behalf.
With all due respect, Madame, all France is familiar with your husband.  Grant us a moment alone, won't you, Monsieur Prouix?
You're new to Charenton, yes? Perhaps you're not yet familiar with my husband, and his unusual case.
I pray you: be succinct.
I beg to differ, Doctor. You work in a madhouse. Your every waking moment is governed by the insane.
My schedule is not subject to the whims of lunatics.
Desperation has driven me past etiquette, all the way to frenzy.
It is customary to write first, and request an appointment --
It's a convenience, isn't it, having your husband locked away! You no longer have to hold your tongue, or hoist your skirts! Or crack your mouth, so I can put it to its one pleasurable use! YOU'RE NOT MY WIFE, NO! YOU'RE ONE AMONG MY MANY JAILERS, AREN'T YOU?
He refuses to be seen in my company! He blanches at the mention of your name --
Tell me; have you done anything to secure my release? NO! Have you petitioned the court? NEVER! Sought audience with the Emperor --
Give me back my anonymity, that's all I ask! Let me be invisible again!
It's the way of all martyrs, isn't it?
Everywhere I go, they point and whisper! At the opera, they hiss at me when I take my box. When I went to church... the priest refused to even hear my confession; he said I was already damned! Why must I suffer for your sins?
You ought to court the Doctor's favor, not his contempt.
They've put you up to this, haven't they?
To flaunt your deviance in public? Upon a stage?
You've come to lecture me?
I beg you, Donatien... as your wife... your only ally... you must stop making such a monstrous spectacle of yourself.
How was I to tell you? By writing a letter? WITH WHAT, MY ASININE BRIDE?
How was I to know, my darling?
Forgive me, I beg you --
For fuck's sake, woman! BONBONS? I'm to sit here, gorging myself on useless trifles, sucking down your little sweetmeats, when what I truly need -- what I truly require -- are a few quill pens? Perhaps a pot of ink?
....shame on you, truly...
Hm? Tell me. What other treats?
You prefer a book to your husband's company?
I'd rather read, thank-you.
I'd prefer to have our brandy in the salon. There we can sit... side-by- side... before the fire.
Very much.
Doesn't that please you?
Do as I say.
But it's just begun --
Leave at once --
