Okay, Mr. Radeau, it's forgot.
That girl was looking for Jacqueline Gibson. I'd forget it if I were you.
Yeah —- sure.
Then you know that if I give you a little advice, it'll be good advice.
Sure I do.
You know who I am, August?
Listen ——
You could go and open the door.
We can't stand here all night.
No.
I'd like to get out of here.
It's only a little way, Mr. August.
No.
Let's get out of here.
Yes.
You scared?
It's the last door at the end of this hall.
Which room is it?
I don't like this.
I don't know if I want to go with you or not.
If my sister's in that room, it won't make any difference about warrants- and things, I want to go there.
Sister, you can't just go breaking into places. There's a night watchman down there and locks on the door.
Can we go there now?
You can't tell.
You think my sister is there?
That's what I tried to find out.	I went to La Jeunesse ——  -- used a phony health inspector's badge —— they let me go through the works -- all but one room. That room was locked. I'd like to see the inside of that room.
Why would Mrs. Redi lie to me?
That's what she told you. I looked it up at the Hall of Records. Your sister deeded her the business as an outright girt.
Yes. She bought my sister's business.
Wait a minute. This has got a lot of angles. You've got to take it easy. Do you know a Mrs. Redi?
Where?
Look. Don't say a word. I've taken an interest in you and I'm willin' to put up my time to help you. Besides, I think I know where to find your sister.
Mr. August, I'm not at all sure -
I've been waitin' for you Miss Gibson. I want you to know I've decided to take your case.
I haven't any money but I'll get a job and --
Look, sister', Manhattan is only nine miles long and four and one half miles wide. I ain't never been off it. I know it like you know your own back yard. You get me a small retainer --say fifty bucks, and I'll get your sister for you. I guarantee
You can?
The name may not mean anything to you, young lady, but say the word and I'll have your sister for you in forty-eight hours.
You won't get any water and you won't get any rest. You may as well drink.
No.
Drink.
May I have some water? I'm thirsty.
It doesn't matter. You want to now. You should want to. It's your obligation, your duty.
When I wanted to.
No.
Then, you also understand that you must die.
Yes, I understand.
The acceptance of a secret is an obligation and in this case my dear, the obligation carried with it the necessity of dying if one betrayed that secret. You understand that don't you?
No. It's my father -- I wanted to talk to you -- you wrote about cures --
You're not a dipsomaniac at your age?
I read your book. The one in which you wrote about the cure for drinking.
Yes.
Are you Dr. Louis Judd?
Thank you.
Mr. Ward will see you in just a few minutes. Won't you wait, Dr. Judd?
What circumstances?
She's nervous, naturally, under the circumstances.
But tell me --
Oh, as beautiful as ever.
Tell me, how is Jacqueline?
For the time being, I imagine that must do.
About forty-five dollars.
How much have you got?
I haven't got that much in cash.
She can only use cash.
I'll give you a check.
She could use a hundred dollars.
How much does she want?
But why? She's been ill --erratic, but I've never heard of anything like that!
Well, then I can tell you that in addition to other dangers, there is a grave danger of Jacqueline losing her sanity. I would advise against you seeing her.
As a man, you distrust me —- perhaps you believe me as a physician.
It's not just for myself I'm asking. Her sister is here. The kid's half crazy with anxiety.
You come to me with some wild story about her being in danger - naturally I want to know what kind of danger. I want to know where she is.
You're a curious man. You're willing to jeopardize Jacqueline's life in order to satisfy your own curiosity.
What sort of danger?
I'm afraid she can't do that, Ward. It would endanger her.
If Jacqueline wants money she can come to me herself.
 I didn't. She came to me a few days ago. To put it delicately her care imposes a financial burden upon me. She thought you might lighten that burden.
I thought you told me you didn't know where she was.
I've come from Jacqueline. She needs money.
What is it?
I ought to know.
Do you know what this is, Frances?
Thank you.
The tip is, anyhow. I like to work on your hair.
I guess most people are.
It always seemed to me she was sort of lonely and unhappy.
What does she do with herself after business hours?
She's a pretty good sort.
She seems rather an odd woman to me.
Redi's all right.
Is Mrs. Redi nice to work for?
Well, if it's fun for you, it's all right. I get a kick out of my work when the customers aren't too crabby.
But I like teaching school.
I can't see much fun in teaching school. Why don't you go into the beauty business.
I'll try there.
It's on Peary Street. Just ask the people who run it. They'll remember her.  People who see Miss Jacqueline never forget her.
"The Dante?"
Well, don't worry. I saw Miss Jacqueline only a week ago. I saw her at a little restaurant the boy friend took me to -- an Italian place down in the Village —-	"The Dante."
I can't understand it at all.
Nothing's happened to her. It's just that I can't understand her not getting in touch with you.
I know. For the first time I'm beginning to be frightened. I almost feel as if I'd never known my sister.
I don't get this. Miss Jacqueline was always so fond of you -- she was always talking about you -— had your picture in her office.
You mean Miss Jacqueline's gone, and you don't know where she is?
I don't know. That's why I came to see Mrs. Redi. I'm trying to find her.
How's Miss Jacqueline?
Hello, Frances.
Why, Mary --
Yes.
Some of us, Frances, must believe without understanding.
You	fool! That symbol is us -- us. She was asking about us.
She showed me a drawing.
What did she want to know?
No. She asked about the trademark.
And that was all?
She was just asking about you - Whether it was nice to work for you or not.
Nothing! That's absurd. I heard you laughing and talking, She was asking questions.
Nothing.
What were you talking about?
I did her hair.
What did she want?
No, I'm glad....at least I've heard you say it...
I know —— I shouldn't have told you—
I've never loved any one before, Gregory, and I do love you -— you must know it -- but Jacqueline's my sister —— whom I had lost and have found again....   
Perhaps, later, when things are settled, when Jacqueline's well again -- maybe we can arrange things differently.
Yes.
No. Stay that way. I want to talk to you. I love you -— you know that?
It's what I should have done yesterday. I'll take her away somewhere where she can rest.
Gregory ——  you'd better take Jacqueline with you tonight.
That was Dr. Judd. He was phoning to say that, Jacqueline is on her way here -
Good night.
Good night, Jacqueline -- good night, Mary.
You'd love that, Jackie. Remember that last summer with Mother in the Berkshires? You used to help the gardener.
I thought I might close up the apartment -- maybe get a place in Connecticut.
It will all be over in such a little while, Jacqueline, and everything will be all right again. Drink your coffee.
Any court in the land would understand. We'll wait a few days -- let you rest -- then we'll go to the police.
Don't. We know what happened. Don't go on.
We've tried so long to find her.
She's got to be found. That's the first step. She's got to be found so that she can give herself up to the police.
What things? Why?
Things changed, Mary. The reasons for finding Jacqueline changed. I want to find Jacqueline to settle things.
You could have told me any time you were Jacqueline's husband.
A poet. He's sitting right over there. That's his table —— the one at the feet of Dante.
Who the devil is he?
Last night in this very restaurant Mr. Jason Hoag paid a very pretty compliment to my right ear.
Please —- I can't explain things like this to your right ear.
There is a very simple way. Got a telephone book?
Greg, it isn't a wild tale. It's true. If there were only some way --
Look, Mary, now that I know you better, I think I can be more frank with you. I don't believe you. I still can't understand the reason for such a wild tale. It's like some of Jacqueline's stories.
You've never believed a word I told you about Mr. August.
Oh, I'm making investigations.
 What have you done about Irving August?
Well, I'm glad you came to see me.
Oh, I had business with a man... but I missed him -—
What brought you down here, Greg?
Yes.
The people at the restaurant?
Maybe the Romaris might have a room. They seem nice.
It's not much money, but it's enough to live on. You'd have to move out of that hotel and into a furnished room.
I'd like that.
You told me you were pretty good with youngsters. Today I bumped into an old friend of mine, Mrs. Wheeler  She runs a settlement house down in the Village and is looking for a kindergarten teacher.
A job?
However, I won't say that I'll not take charge occasionally, and I'm going to take charge new. I've a job for you.
I won't do it again. We're friends. I'll never order you about again.
But you have treated me that way.
I'm sorry. I didn't intend to treat you like a child.
Drink your milk.
He was a kind little man in his way —— and I made him go down that hall into the darkness. I made him do it.
Yes, of course —— but the police would say you'd probably had a bad dream.
I saw him on the floor. He was cut -—  --here. The blood was running out. He was dead. I'm sure of it. Then on the subway I saw him —— white —— and the men holding him up between them.
The important thing is, the police won't believe you.
But you do believe me?
This is about another murder —— a woman at Fifty Second Street
Goodnight, Mary.
Thank you.. .goodnight.
You can't make it your life's work looking for Jacqueline.  ) You'll have to do other things... live...get some enjoyment out of life. I hope you'll let me help you.
But I reel guilty. It doesn't seem right for me to enjoy myself with Jacqueline gone.
Good.
Thank you. It was a lovely dinner.
I'm not a youngster. I can understand.
Afraid she might commit suicide?  People who commit suicide don't talk about it. That room made her happy in some strange way I couldn't understand. She lived in a world of her own fancy. She didn't always tell the truth. In fact -— I'm afraid she didn't know what the truth was.  There were many things about Jacqueline I didn't understand, and yet, without understanding, I had to be with her —— to see her —— to touch her —— in order to be happy. It's hard to explain to a youngster.
Weren't you afraid?
At least I can explain that, Mary. Your sister had a feeling about life —— that it wasn't worth living unless one could end it. I helped her get that room.
Because I loved Jacqueline I thought I knew her. Today I found out such strange things ——frightening things. I saw a hangman's noose that she had hanging -— waiting —— I feel as if I'd never known her.
A man would look anywhere for her, Mary. There is something exciting and unforgettable about her -— something you never get hold of —- something that keeps a man following after her.
I love your sister, Mary. I love her very much.
Why?
But I'd give a great deal to know.
Then you know where Jacqueline is?
The Morgue? No wonder you fainted.  I wish you had come to me first.
No...At the morgue they told me a Mr. Gregory Ward had made inquiries about Jacqueline.
We're not exactly strangers, Mary. Jacqueline spoke about you often. I suppose she told you about me,
Not from me.
She'll have to know some time.
That you love Mary.
Let her know what?
Verse -- verse that I wrote. I need it.
What's that?
I suppose so. I can pick him up somewhere.
Could you find him?
We could tell him.
He's clever and he's cautious in his way. If he knew I think he'd advise her to do what I want —- surrender herself to the police —— stand trial —— I don't think he knows.
I don't know.
Do you think he knows about this?
Well, that's illuminating.
I'm looking for a party -- a merry party.
All very nice but, what are you going to do - listen at every house in New York for Jacqueline's voice?
This is the part of New York I love. It is old. It has memories. If you listen, the houses will speak to you. Walt Whitman...Edna St. Vincent Millay... Eugene O'Neill...in their time they've all lived here.
Well?
Look here, just because Mrs. Romari asked you to amuse us.
Mary, when you first came here, I told you to look into your heart. You didn't listen to me. You listened to the policeman instead. You didn't find your sister, did you?
It may make very fine poetry, Mr. Hoag, but it doesn't make good sense.
But I understand her. That may be more important.
You don't even know Jacqueline Gibson.
But I'm better than a detective. I have an understanding of people - and a love of them -- an understanding of the city - -
Don't be ridiculous. For months I've had the best private detective in New York looking for Miss Gibson.
But I'm not joking.
I don't think that's a good subject for jokes, Mr. Hoag.
I'm going to find your sister.
You will die.
I don't know.
And then?
I'm not going to wait. I'm going out -- laugh, dance --do all the things I used to do.
Why wait?
I'm tired of being afraid -— of waiting.
I'm afraid.
And you don't want to die. I've always wanted to die -- always.
Yes. It's been quiet, oh ever so quiet. I hardly move, yet it keeps coming all the time -—closer and closer. I rest and rest and yet I am dying.
No!
I'm Mimi -- I'm dying.
Who are you?
Yes.
You'll be all right?
I won't get lonely.
If you get lonely, go down and see Mrs. Romari. I told her you were staying with me.
Good-bye.
Good-bye, darling. I'll only be gone until three.
You know about the Palladists -- you know who they are -- what they are. I was one of them.
Please, Jacqueline.
Good. We all understand each other. You, Gregory and I. We all know. There is sunlight in the streets and work to do. Both of you -— you're off to work.
I understand.
Not I —- I am alive, yet every hope I had is dead,  Death can be good. Death can be happy.. If I were really dying I could speak like Cyrano -— "My courage like a white plume" — and all the other lovely words with which he greeted death. Then perhaps you might understand,
I keep telling myself that.
I hate people who try to peddle comfort. But,Mary, you shouldn't mourn for Jacqueline. Life for her was full of the agony of a disordered mind. It's better this way.
They may have been friends of hers.
Jacqueline. Mr. Romari phoned me. She went out this afternoon with two men he'd never seen before.
What's wrong, Mary?
I can't find Gregory. I've been trying to find him.
He's Jacqueline's husband. I can't
He loves you, Mary, and you'll have to tell him.
And Gregory -- he loves her.
If it is true — there's all the more reason for you to find Jacqueline.
I have to. It was Irving August -- everything Mrs. Redi said -— it fits in with what I saw -— she even knew I'd seen his body on the subway.
And you believe that?
Jacqueline is a murderess she killed a man.
You went to see Mrs. Redi... She told you something -- what was it?
It's because of Jacqueline —— I can't go on looking for her --
I had begun to write again -—that's whet I was doing when you came in.
I thought myself your friend, Mary. Just good-bye isn't enough for a friend.
Don't make me tell you, Jason.
It isn't that -- you said, "have to go." What could compel you --
But you're happy here -- you like your work —-
I have to go —-
I thought your coming up here to the third floor to see me —-that it was your advent into my world. It turns out to be good-by. Why?
Jason, I'm going back to Highcliffe. I came to say good-by.
It's not a searchlight —— it's a sword blade cutting the blue cloak of a prince —- not stars --
It's beautiful -- that searchlight - the stars --
My window - - through which I see the world.
It's grown big with time -- I've lived here with the Romari's for ten years -- the room's become part of me. I want you to see it —— to know me better.
But it's a small room, Jason.
I want you to see my room. I want you to see all of it.
Some time before those nice white gloves are dry you're going to go and find out a few things about Mrs. Redi.
I can imagine.
Look. I'm serious. It's a real and vary earnest society -- a dangerous society...
Devil worshippers!
I thought it would be, but just to be sure, I'll tell you that the Palladists are a society of Devil worshippers --
It's all clear to me now -- so clear.
Such a simple matter. This figure is the symbol of the Palladists.
I'm at sea, Jason.
That's it. And this figure --she traced it. The book I saw at the library had been marked "perfect" by the library inspector in March. Mrs. Redi had it out in April. No one else had read it since.
I don't know.
But who is Judd, a psychiatrist. It's quite natural that he should read books on the history of old religious societies. But why should Mrs. Redi, a woman with a beauty parlor --?
I don't think that's so revealing.
I went as a detective. I found out that Mrs. Redi reads the same books as Dr. Judd.
But you're always at the library.
I have been at the library.
I have something even better.
It's terribly sweet of you, Jason.
I want you to look for Jacqueline.
Yes. And now that I've shown you that I know that much, and can guess more -- will you trust me to look for Jacqueline?
And you knew he'd be here.
Yes.
At least you knew about Dr. Judd.
You will have to make all the jokes, because I'm going to be very serious.
Well,then I have spoiled your dinner -- "your food won't digest, and your wine will sour."
Yes. I was going to tell you to look into your own heart -- do you really want to find your sister?
Were you going to make a suggestion?
But you should make her laugh, Jason. Come, make jokes for her. I'll bring your food to their table.
We are happy, Mrs. Romari, because you have everything —— and I am happy because I have nothing to lose.
Why can't everyone be happy like we are -- laugh and have good times. Look at that poor little one — so sad because she can't find her sister. And that man with her -— he doesn't make her laugh —— he just sits and talks.
Oh, the wine. I have forgotten the wine.
What are you thinking of, Bella? Can I eat dry?
Bella Romari	If I were not seated, I would embrace you in three movements like a sonata.  Ah, my wonderful one. Fly with me tonight. We will take your coffee machine and live with the gypsies.
Jason, my pet ——
I'm a good boy, but no one listens to what I say.
Ah, my Jason -- always laughing -- always trying to help others.  He's a good boy, Miss -- he just talks that way.
Well, since, you're over twenty one——
I wouldn't want to take them out. I just want to look at them.
Why, Mr. Jason. Most of these books are on the closed shelf. You have to get permission.
No, not at all, Mr. Jason.
Would it be asking too much, Miss Gottschalk, for you to get me these books?
It's here, too.
Yes, Dr. Louis Judd.
And the other was Judd?
Who was the first one -- Mrs. Redi?
I want to see what they read so I'll know what kind of books to give my friends as presents. There's nothing nicer for a gift than a book.
Oh, Mr. Jason. I really shouldn't be doing this, you know. It's against the rules.  When did you say you wanted them?
They may have found her.  Mrs. Cortez -— this morning I told her Jacqueline was no longer under my care.
What?
I'd like that.
If you like, I'll go with you to dinner.
It might have.
A book of successful verse might have changed that, eh?
She is very young -- I have an old habit of failure. It would be a bad habit to bring to a marriage.
I don't suppose you'll ever tell her, will you?
Perhaps
I suppose, Jason, that you'll speak for your friend --  -- and your poetry will speak for you.
I wanted to get things clear for Jacqueline. Let her know --
I'm afraid this is no time to play Cyrano, my friend. What was in your mind?
I'll do all I can to help. I'll go to my publisher tomorrow.
Perhaps.
No other reason —— no woman ——not the little Miss Gibson?
I think it's time.
Tell me, why this sudden desire to publish — to awaken like Byron and find yourself famous.
You'll have good enough sense to tell us where she is -— when you know she's a murderess. She killed a man.
Tell me what?
Yes. When I tell you.
You don't expect me to do that do you?
Tell me where Jacqueline is -— we've got to find her.
I'd forgotten.
Wait —- there is that other favor.
Why not let your publisher judge that?
I hope it finds as much favor as your other book -- but somehow I doubt it -- the time is out of tune.
It goes beyond that. It praises the goodness of God and the greatness of all His works.
And this poetry —— like the poetry you wrote before extols the passion and beauty of life?
I should like people to read what I've written.
This is curious, Jason. Half the time you talk as if Shakespeare were not fit to tie your shoe—laces; now this sudden humility.
It sounds strange, and I'm going to be very wary.
Actually I want to ask two favors of you -- one as a poet ——	one as a detective.
Well, it won't work. Love and understanding won't make a good detective out of a recalcitrant poet.
Uh—huh.
Following me to find Jacqueline?
After that wonderful first book —- after all the adulation and the good reviews?
I've lost my knack.
I think I understand without your telling me. I know something of your history, Jason. I know that you haven't written for ten years.
I don't think that you would understand if I told you.
What was she to you?
She was my patient.
Because there was another girl— years ago -- a nice girl. She lived on Barrow Street. I saw her with you once -— I saw her with you twice and then I never saw her again. That's why.
But why come to me?
See that girl? That's Jacqueline's sister. It's because of her I ask.
My dear fellow, it's neither your business to ask, nor mine to tell.
I saw you with her last week. I knew you'd be here tonight. Where is she?
What a peculiar question.
Where is Jacqueline Gibson?
I don't know.
Would they hurt her?
It will be fun meeting Gregory every night at the station.
Yes. You could become a country wife -- fool around with petunias and pullets.
Yes. You know the devil and all his minions are marked that way.
Cloven hoof?
It's my cloven hoof. It trips me up sometimes.
If I didn't know where she was, could I take you to her? Get your hat and coat. We haven't much time.
You know where she is?
Don't be so amazed. It's a very ordinary matter. I'm Jacqueline's physician... Mr. Ward told me you were in town and Jacqueline has sent me to bring you to her.
Yes, Miss Gibson. I've come to take you to your sister.
Dr. Judd?
No, she's with her sister,
This is the most amusing thing I have ever heard and with a bit of gossip to season it —— your failure with Jacqueline. Has she returned to her husband?
And I love and admire him more than any man I ever knew. I read these poems. He's lost his talent and his was a really great gift. What I have to do today -- to bring him this rejected manuscript -—will be the most disheartening thing I have ever done and the most disillusioning.
But you have never liked Jason. You always laughed at him - -quarreled with him --
I'm very, very serious.
This is incredible I It must be some sort of a joke.
You're even sentimental about it. What made you change your mind?
I've talked nonsense. I've scoffed and hooted -- but somewhere very deep down in me, I always felt that good held the balance of power.
I never thought you did.
But I'm not coming to you out of deep conviction, I'm coming to you out of loss. I no longer can believe in the power and the rightness of things that are called good.
We always knew you'd come to us, Louis.
I don't know how to begin this, Natalie. Perhaps it's best to just plunge in. I want to join you.
No. She's no longer under my care.
Is it about Jacqueline?
You're very flippant and perhaps wise, but not wise enough to see the truth, Louis.
It would be a charming experience. She might only protest half as much.
No, you draw no secrets from me, as you drew them from Jacqueline. You are not one of us yet. You're clever, Louis, but I recognize your interest in me for what it is worth. You are only curious. You have never loved a woman who had but one arm.
Unless what?
Life has betrayed us. We've found there is no heaven on earth, so we must worship evil for evil's own sake. We're not wicked. We commit no violence, unless...
A strange collection. You're like the false god you worship... fallen angels, all of you.
I was a great dancer...
A gay lot -— Redi, for instance.  I don't know what her sorrow is,	but her life's an empty one. She's had to have this to cling to. Frances Fallon, with her worship of Jacqueline, has had to follow like a sheep. And Bruns, the fanatic. And you...
Are we?	I thought I was very gay.
I have no sympathy for either good or evil. I have only curiosity -- a professional curiosity. What unhappy people most of you are!
I'm afraid you have mistaken my motive, Louis. I thought you might understand and sympathize.
I can imagine. But you did say you came to me as my friend --that you were concerned for me.
Yes. There are certain punitive measures...
But you would like to know where she is?
I haven't said anything of the sort.
Perhaps, Natalie, this is a bargain you're offering me --I am being allowed to join -- to buy safety by betraying Jacqueline -- is that it?
I always thought it was a more intimate relationship.
I think I can give you a more practical reason for your kind invitation. I know too much. I was Jacqueline's psycho-analyst.
Because you are intelligent -- that's why they sent me to you --
I know the theory behind the movement. If one believes in good one believes in evil. If one believes in God, one must believe in the devil. And an intelligent person can make his own choice —— that's it, isn't it?
It seems right to us.
I'd hardly describe It that way —- The worship of evil is a pretty dreadful and special thing.
One believes -— it's like any other religion...
I know the others -- Redi, Fallon, Leo, Bruns. But I would never have guessed it of you, Natalie.
I had to help get rid of the body. You saw it on the subway. And I warn you, Mary -- go back -- you don't know what you're doing, or what dreadful things you might bring about by looking for your sister. You go back to school - - go back and forget Jacqueline.
I don't believe it.
I have no intention whatsoever of hinting. Your sister, Mary, is a murderess. She killed Irving August -- stabbed him out of fright when he discovered where she was hiding.
I can't give up looking for her, Mrs. Redi, no matter what you're hinting at.
I can almost feel your doubt about what I'm saying, Mary.
It will make you unhappy to find Jacqueline. It would put her in danger --- great danger --
Why?
If I were you, Mary -- I'd go back to school. I'd make no further attempt to find Jacqueline.
That won't be necessary. I haven't much to say.
I'll be out in a minute.
This is Mrs. Redi, Mary.
Yes.
That's too bad.
I'm afraid not.
Thank you, my dear.
I'm stopping at the Chatsworth.
Leave me your address, and if I find anything, I'll get in touch with you.
There's nothing you can think of -- old letters, anything, that might give me some hint as to where I might find Jacqueline?
Yes —— and I must say I've done very well with it -- perhaps even better than Jacqueline.
I didn't know.
Mary, I'm amazed. Didn't Jacqueline tell you? She sold the business to me at least eight months ago. It's my business now.
Mrs. Redi, there's one thing —-with Jacqueline gone, how do you carry on the business? What do you do with the receipts? How do you sign checks--?
I'm afraid not.
But you must know someone who has seen or heard of my sister.
Could you let me see that room? If it is hers, there might be something there to help me find my sister.
Yes -- and pays the rent every month.
You mean she just came here, rented the room, locked it, and left?
Oh yes, yes. One day a beautiful car comes here. This beautiful lady in furs gets out. There is a handsome man with her, and the chauffeur  The lady rents one of our upstairs rooms. The chauffeur changes the lock on the door. Then the lady never comes back --not to live, anyhow. She came back three, four times, but always alone and just to eat.
But she was here?
She's not been here for a long time.
Yes —— yes, if she made that much impression on you, I'm sure it was Jacqueline.
Giacomo -- la bellisslina madonna —-
Once you'd seen my sister you'd never forget her.
I doubt if you'll get anything out of that woman. But if  you'd like to try, I'll advance you the money to make the trip to New York. Of course, my dear, if you don't find your sister, you can always come back here.
But, Mrs. Lowood, I can't just stay here not knowing what's happened to my sister. Maybe if I went to New York -- if I saw Mrs. Redi myself --
Of course.
I have written repeatedly to Mrs. Redi. She vouchsafes no information whatsoever.  It is six months since your tuition has been paid, Mary. Naturally, it is impossible for you to stay on here as a paying pupil.
Sometimes she can be quite careless. Why don't you try Mrs. Redi?
We don't know, Mary. We've been unable to get in touch with your sister.
Difficult? Has anything happened to Jacqueline?
That makes it all the more difficult ——
Have you any other relatives, Mary?
No, Mrs. Lowood, she doesn't write often.
Your sister - - have you heard from her lately?
What did he say?
Fo come ti pare. To desiderare sempre di vedere che cosa c'era in quella stanza.
Please.
No -- the rent in paid. The lady asked us to promise, I wouldn't open the door.
She's very beautiful.
I don't know no Gibson. This is a restaurant. Many people come here.
I thought you might know her. She was seen here about a week ago. Her name is Jacqueline Gibson.
Yes?
I'm worry to bother you. I want to ask you about my sister.
When?
I'll be right back with Mrs. Wheeler.
What?
Because I have something very important to do.
Why
Children, I want you to be very good and very quiet while I see Mrs. Wheeler a moment. She's going to take over this class for a while.
No, Nancy.	You've got to sleep two more minutes.
Is it fifteen minutes yet?
Sh-h-h Nancy. The other children.
Miss Gibson, I'm tired of resting.
Then it is decided. Leo and Durk and I will make our plans.
I have taken care of Mary. I've spoken to her. She's going back to school.
What about Judd -- he knows about us.
It is a very real danger and one which forces our decision.
I know this is difficult for you. I know that you love her.
But she told him, Frances. She told him about us.
I can quote that too; "Those who shall go out into the market place and let their tongues speak of us, and give knowledge of our being and our deeds, whom-so-ever doeth this shall die."
But he also wrote --
I can quote it fully, Mrs. Redi. "We will avoid violence. For once undertaken, violence becomes its own master and can lead to either good or evil."
I went back through the history last night. I read about Johann Rozenquartz -- I read what he wrote --
It won't hurt.
You have only to stretch out your hand, take up the glass and drink a little.
Yes, Jacqueline. You were always talking suicide - - of ending your life when you wanted to.
Jacqueline, you have spoken so often of ending it all, I can't understand why this should be so difficult for you. You have only to drink a little.
I should have known. She had no sincerity —- no real belief.
I know. You introduced Jacqueline to us -- but how could you tell —-
Sorry. I'm nervous. This is very trying for me.
We haven't even begun tea yet.
I'm sorry to be late, Natalie.
