I'm okay. It's okay.
Graham...
No.
I want to touch you.
No, Ann, I can't. I can't forget it. It's not something I can fix. It's difficult. There s something in my mind... the way my brain works...  God, Ann, when you're with another person, and you're... inside them, you're so vulnerable, you're revealing so much... there's no protection. And... somebody could say, or do something to you while you're in this... state of... nakedness. And they could hurt you without even knowing it. In a way that you couldn't even see.  And you would withdraw. To make sure it didn't happen again.
But why can't you just put it all behind you? Can't you just forget it? All that stuff you did?
And I'm telling you it's not any one thing that I can point to and say "That's why!" It doesn't work that way with people who have problems, Ann, it's not that neat, it's not that tidy! It's not a series of little boxes that you can line up and count. Things just don't happen that way.
I want to know why you are the way you are!
Well, what kind of answer are you looking for, Ann? What is it exactly that you want to know?
You're not answering me.
Jesus Christ, Ann. Why is anybody anything? I think you have this idea that people are either all good or all bad, and you don't allow for any gray areas, and that's what most of us consist of.
Why are you ashamed?
All right!! All right!! You want to know? You want to know how I feel? I feel ashamed. Is that what you wanted to hear?
Come on!!
I don't care.
I don't find this "turning the tables" thing very interesting --
I'm just going to keep asking until you answer. I'm sure there's plenty of tape.
I can't tell you like this.
"Because"? That's not good enough. I asked you a question, Graham. I asked you "how does it feel"? How does it feel, Mr. I Want To Go Down On You But I Can't? Do you know how many people you've sucked into your weird little world? Including me? Come on, how does it feel?
Because.
Why not?
Don't do that.
Yeah, you're right. But I never claimed to know everything like you, and have all these little theories. I'm still learning, I know that. But I don't feel like I've wasted time. If I had to go through my marriage to get to where I am right now, fine.
All right, you want to talk about lies, let's talk about lies, Ann. Let's talk about lying to yourself. You haven't been able to sleep with your husband because you're no longer in love with him, and maybe you never were. You haven't been honest with yourself in longer than you can remember.
Oh, you just moved here to think about it, right?
As I said, I haven't decided what to do, exactly. Perhaps I won't do anything.
Whoa!! I'm so glad we got that on tape!! You won't answer a question about Elizabeth, but I have to answer all these intimate questions about my sex life!! Graham, what do you think she's going to make of all these videotapes? Are you going to tell her about them? I can't imagine her being too understanding about that. But since you don't lie anymore, you'll have to say something.
I don't know. I really would rather not talk about it.
Look at you, look at what's happened to you, look how you've changed! Don't you think she will have changed?
I don't know.
Graham, I mean, what do you think her reaction is going to be if you contact her?
Possibly.
Like maybe a big part?
Yes.
But that was part of it?
Not entirely.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. What's going on here? Did you come back here just to see her again?
I don't know. Possibly.
But you're planning to be?
No.
You mean you're still in contact with her?
Yes.
Who? Elizabeth?
I couldn't face her if I had slept with somebody else.
But how do you know for sure, you have to try to find a way to fig --
Ann, it could happen to me all over again, don't you see? I could start to --
But I don't understand --
I've told you.
Why not?
I can't.
I'm asking for real. I want you to turn that camera off and make love with me. Will you?
Ann. Are you asking me hypothetically, or are you asking me for real, right now?
So why won't you make love with me? Why wouldn't you, I mean?
That's very flattering.
But I feel like maybe I could be really comfortable with you.
I... I can't answer that precisely.
But if you were?
I'm not in love with you.
If you were in love with me, would you?
I'm not planning on it.
You're really never going to make love again?
Yeah, I know, but somehow I expect that from her, I mean, she'll do it with almost anybody, I don't know, I shouldn't stick up for her I guess, but him. He lied so... deeply!! Ooo, I want to watch him die!!
You should be. He lied to you. So did Cynthia.
God, I m so mad at him!!
No, you're not.
I'm babbling.
Interesting analogy.
Kind of. I mean, John's like this kind of... craftsman. Like he's a carpenter, and he makes really good tables. But that's all he can make, and I don't need anymore tables.
And you feel the same way with John?
Subtlety, yes. No subtlety. Plus, I've never really felt able to open up with anyone. I mean, that other person I told you about, I enjoyed making love with him a lot, but I still wasn't able to really let go. I always feel like I'm being watched and I shouldn't embarrass myself.
Subtlety?
I don't know. It all gets back to that Cynthia thing. I don't like her... eagerness. There's nothing left to imagine, there's no...
If you do get out of your marriage, will you continue to be inhibited?
Not yet. I'm not sure I will. I just want out.
Did you confront John with the fact that you knew about him?
I don't know anymore. I thought I was, but obviously I was wrong.
How could I, with all these nice people stopping by? The fact is that I've lived by myself for so long, I can't imagine living with another person. It's amazing what you can get used to if enough time goes by. And anyway, I'm asking the questions. Are you happy?
Don't you get lonely?
Now I make sure that no one has the opportunity to test me.
And now you can?
I loved her for how good she made me feel, and I hated her for how good she made me feel. And at that time, I tended to express my feelings non- verbally. I couldn't handle anyone having that much control over my emotions.
How come?
Yes. I did. Willfully and repeatedly.
So you lied to her?
The problem was me. I was... I was a pathological liar. Or am, I should say. Lying is like alcoholism, one is always "recovering".
What was the problem?
No, it was wonderful. That wasn't the problem.
So what happened? Was it so bad that it turned you off?
Her name was Elizabeth.
Who was the last person you had sex with?
Yes.
So you have had sex.
That's correct.
You said you weren't always impotent.
Can't.
Can't or won't?
If I can't do it all, I don't want to do anything. And I can't do it all.
Why not?
No.
On tape?
No.
If I asked you to, would you? Not on tape, I mean?
Yes.
I remember. You could do that, couldn't you? Go down on me?
I thought I made that clear before, when I said I would go down on you.
Have you fantasized about me?
Yes.
About me?
I fantasized about you.
About who?
Yes.
So you do fantasize?
I know. Deep down, I know that. It just bothers me, when I have feelings or impulses that she has.
You're not like your sister. You couldn't be like her if you wanted to.
Because that's how Cynthia thinks!! All she does is think about that stuff, and I hate that, I don't want to be like her, I don't want to be like her!!
Why?
Yes. Whenever... all right, look. Whenever I see a man that I think is attractive, I wonder what it would be like with him, I mean, I'm just curious, I don't act on it, but I hate that I think that!! I wish I could just forget about that stuff!!
Are there people other than your previous lover that you have fantasized about?
No.
Do you want me to stop?
I guess not.
Then as far as this taping goes, you have nothing to worry about.
Yes, I have. I will.
At some level, I don't understand your nervousness. Have you decided to leave John?
I don't see what difference it makes, I mean, I can think what I want.  I don't know if I want to do this anymore, I'm afraid... I don't mind answering the questions so much, but if somebody were to see this...
Did the person you made love with satisfy you more than your husband?
Yes.
Did you have sex before you were married?
Absolutely not.
Is he going to see this?
It's a simple question. Have you ever thought of having -- making love with someone other than your husband?
You don't know what I'm thinking.
Does he go down on you?
Sometimes. Afterward.
Yes.
When we're making love?
Do you talk to him?
You are married, correct?
Ann Bishop Millaney.
Tell me your name.
Ann Bishop Millaney.
Tell me your name.
Yes.
It won't. Are you ready?
What will you do when the money runs out?
I have money.
How do you pay for all this? I mean, rent, and tapes and this equipment.
Then do it.
Load a new tape, turn the camera on.
What do you have to do to get ready?
That's a good question.
What would you know about a normal frame of mind?
I want you to be aware of what you're doing and why, because I know that this is not the sort of thing you would do in a normal frame of mind.
What difference does it make why I do it?
Yes. But I sense the element of revenge here.
Don't you want to make one?
Do you think that's such a good idea?
It's not my place to tell you these things, Ann. You have to find out by yourself or from John directly. You have to trust me on this.
Why not?
But even if we had been speaking, I wouldn't have told you.
Ann, when would I have told you? We were not speaking, if you recall.
Why didn't you tell me?
She said it on her tape.
How did you know?
Yes.
You know?
I know.
John and Cynthia have been... "fucking".
I know.
I'm not sure why I came here. I had kind of decided not to talk to you after... you know.
Yes, I do.
Maybe you want to go.
This is just... so...
I'm sorry this came up.
I don't... why... why do you do this?
No, not to me, for me, for the camera.
To you?
Mostly. Sometimes they do things.
And they just answer them?
Yes.
You just ask them questions?
Like what they've done, what they do, what they don't do, what they want to do but are afraid to ask for, what they won't do even if asked. Anything I can think of.
Like what?
Everything about sex.
What about sex?
Yes.
About sex?
The... interviews are about sex, Ann.
What... what are these interviews about?
Because I promised each subject that no one would look at the tape except me.
Why not?
No.
Can we look at one?
Yes.
All of these are interviews?
Because I enjoy interviewing women more than men.
Not really.
You went out with her?
Donna was a girl I knew in Florida.
Donna. On this tape it says "Donna".
Donna?
Who's Donna?
Oh, just a personal project like anyone else's personal project. Mine's just a little more personal.
What kind of personal project?
It's a personal project I'm working on.
I can see that. What are they?
Videotapes.
What are these?
Somehow I imagined books. I thought you would have like a whole lot of books and be reading all the time.
Not much to see, I'm afraid. I'm sort of cultivating a minimalist vibe.
I just wanted to see how the place looked furnished.
Nothing I can't finish later.
Are you in the middle of something?
Ann. Hello.
Hi!
That's correct.  Bit of a dilemma, isn't it?
So since I've never had sex with you, by your own advice I shouldn't accept your advice.
Basically, yes.
Now, you said never take advice from someone that you don't know intimately, right?
Well, I wasn't always impotent.
Excuse me for asking, but how would you know?
Oh, see, I meant someone you've had sex with. That's part of the theory.
Of course not.
You had sex with you therapist?
Well, my therapist knows me intimately.
I believe in it for some people. I mean, for me it was silly, I was confused going in. So I just formed my own personal theory that you should never take advice from someone of the opposite sex that doesn't know you intimately.
So you don't believe in therapy?
Hah! No, I'm not. Actually, I used to be, but the therapist I had was really ineffectual in helping me deal with my problems. Of course, I lied to him constantly, so I guess I can't hold him totally responsible...
Aren't you?
You're in therapy?
My therapist said that --
They are looking at you. Ann, you are truly breathtaking. I don't know if you understand how your appearance can affect people. Men want to possess you, women wish they looked like you. And those that don't or can't resent you. And the fact that you're a nice person just makes it worse.
What?
Well, I've been watching you. I've watched you eat, I've watched you speak, I've watched the way you move, and I see somebody who is extremely conscious of being looked at. I think you really believe that people are looking at you all the time. And you know what?
Why do you say I'm self-conscious?
I am self-conscious, but not in the same way that you are. You have got to be the most attractive self- conscious person I've ever seen.
Well... are you self-conscious about it?
Not usually. I mean, honestly, I haven't known many guys that could think straight with an erection, so I feel I'm way ahead of the game as far as being clear-headed goes.
Does it bother you?
Well, let me put it this way: I cannot achieve an erection while in the presence of another person. So, for all practical purposes, I am impotent.
You are?
Impotent.
You're what?
Agreed.
As long as it's not... gross, you know? Like some scar or something. It has to be like mine, like something about you.
Do you want me to?
So what's your personal thing? Are you really going to tell me something personal?
I don't know, he just said he wants to wait. I quit asking.
Why is that?
Yeah, actually, I do. But John doesn't. At least not right now.
Do you want them?
Kids? What about them?
So what about kids?
Yes! Yes! I think that's very true. Very.
I think so. I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love.
Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
Okay. I think... I think sex is overrated. I think people place way too much importance on it. And I think that stuff about women wanting it just as bad is crap. I m not saying women don't want it, I just don't think they want it for the reason men think they do.  I'm getting confused.
It's up to you. But I warn you, if you tell me something personal, I might do the same.
Can I tell you something personal? I feel like I can. It's something I couldn't tell John. Or wouldn't, anyway.
Right, right. I don't feel connected to many people, either. Other than John.
I know that I just don't feel a connection with very many people, so I don't waste time with people I don't feel one with.
Hmm. Well, maybe you are. Really, I wouldn't pay much attention.
I feel like they do.
Yeah, I know. I mean, I'm not saying I know people think you're a bitch, I'm saying I know what you mean. And I don't even know that people think you're a bitch. Do they?
How do you mean?
Maybe you'll understand this, because you know John, but he confuses me sometimes.
Okay, I will!!
No.
Would you mind?
Lawyers.
What's the first?
Do I pay taxes? Of course I pay taxes, only a liar doesn't pay taxes, I'm not a liar. A liar is the second lowest form of human being.
Who's Elizabeth?
I don't know.
Younger.
Sister older or younger?
Mother, father, sister.
Thank you.
This food is excellent.
I would imagine that we are, now. I think I'm ready to use the bathroom, finally.
That's hard to believe. The two of you seem so different.
Oh, lots of reasons, most of them boring. But, up until I dropped out, John and I were... very much alike.
Why'd you drop out?
I knew him very well. We were extremely close until I dropped out.
Why? Didn't you know him well?
Yes. I was surprised that he accepted when I asked if I could stay here until I found a place.
Nine years?
Nine years.
How long has it been since you've seen John?
Exactly. I would say the fact that you feel the first year of your marriage has gone by quickly means lots of things. Or could mean lots of things.
You mean like "time flies"?
Anyway, I think the mind is very flexible as far as time is concerned.
Oh, uh-huh.
Did you know that if you shut someone up in a room, and the only clock he has reference to runs two hours slow for every twenty-four, that his body will eventually adjust to that schedule? Simply because the mind honestly perceives that twenty-six hours are twenty-four, the body follows. And then there are sections of time. Your life can be broken down into the sections of time that formed your personality . For instance, when I was twelve, I had an eleven minute conversation with my father that to this day defines our relationship. Now, I'm not saying that everything happened in that specific section of time, but the events of my childhood involving my father led up to, and then were crystallized in, that eleven minutes.
Oh, definitely. I mean, just this past year has gone by like phew! I hardly even knew it passed.
Yes. So you feel security, stability. Like things are going to last awhile.
...free-lance. You know.
Well... well, the cliché about the security of it, that's really true. We own a house, and I really like that, you know? And I like that John was just made junior partner, so he has a steady job and he's not some...
What about it do you like? I'm not being critical, I'd really like to know.
Oh, I like it. I like it very much.
No, I was in charge of kind of standing at the microphone and reciting these really depressing lyrics in a monotone. The whole thing was really... irrelevant. How do you like being married?
You play an instrument?
Oh. Well, I did. I was in a band once, and the music was always secondary to just flat out offending as many people as possible.
No, not really.
I used to take great pleasure in that, being purposefully different, rubbing people's noses in it. Didn't you do that when you were younger?
Well...
Oh. Well, maybe I'm uncomfortable with my appearance. I feel a little out of place in these surroundings.
No, I think you look... fine.
Are you uncomfortable with my appearance?
Oh, uh-huh.
Yeah, I guess it is. My mother is a complete Anglophile, anything British makes her drool like a baby. She probably heard the name in some movie. She's a prisoner of public television now.
Graham is an unusual name.
Curious.
No. Why?
Yes.
Television?
Have you ever been on television?
Oh.
Yes.  Oh, you mean to bring in! No. Yes, I have some other things, no, I don't need to bring them in. This is all I need to stay here.
Do you have other things?
Oh, no problem. It can wait.
We... don't usually let people smoke in the house. We have a patio if you --
Oh. Well, please sit down.
False alarm.
That was quick.
Graham Dalton.
Yes?
Ann?
Yes.
God damn you!!
You bitch. I knew it.
I have thought about it, yes.
Not very often.
You son of a bitch!!
He does.
Bastard...
Yes.
Goddam right.
Yes!
Answer me, godammit!! Did you make one of those tapes?
I'm not going to discuss this with you anymore. You're making no sense.
You're leaving me for him, aren't you? Well, that makes a sad sort of sense. He can't, and you won't.
No, but I wanted to. I really wanted to, partially just to piss you off.
Goddammit, goddammit!! That son of a bitch!!  Well, at least I know you didn't fuck him.
I drove around. Then I went to talk with Graham.
Where did you go when you left here?
We'll call it uncontested or whatever. I just want out.
Why?
I want out of this marriage.
What?
I want out of this marriage.
Jesus Christ! What the hell happened? I came home and your car was gone, the door was open, I thought for sure you'd been abducted by some mad fucker, I was literally just calling the cops when you walked in. What happened?
I know.
Quitting your therapy won't feed the children of Ethiopia.
I don't know. Sometimes I feel stupid babbling about my little problems while children are starving in the world.
Isn't therapy helping at all?
I didn't say it was rational, I just said I was convinced.
Yeah. Jeez, give me some credit.
Loud.
I don't, either. I mean, Cynthia, of all people. She's so...
I'm sorry, too. I... I get these ideas in my head, you know, and I have nothing to do all day but sit around and concoct these intricate scenarios. And then I want to believe it so I don't think I've wasted the whole day. Last week I was convinced you were having an affair with Cynthia, I don't know why.
I'm sorry. It's just... I'm under a lot of pressure with this Kirkland thing, it's my first big case as junior partner, and I work all day, I come home, I look forward to seeing you, and... it hurts that you accuse me like that.
You've made your point.
Goddam right. I mean, can you imagine: "Your honor, I'm positive this man is guilty. I can't place him at the scene or establish a motive, but I have this really strong feeling."
Always the lawyer.
Look, this conversation is utterly ridiculous. Maybe when you have some evidence, we should talk, but don't give me conjecture and intuition.
Why don't I believe you?
I'm not either!!
But I'm not.
I was just saying, you know? I didn't get paranoid when you didn't want to make love. I could have easily assumed that you didn't want to because you were having an affair.
Is that supposed to comfort me?
For God's sake, Ann, I am not fucking your sister. I don't find her that attractive, for one.
My sister, for one. Is that who it is?
Ann, you are completely paranoid. Not ten minutes ago I wanted to make love for the first time in weeks, and you act like I'm dipped in shit. You know, I think there are a lot of women that would be glad to have a young, straight male making a pretty good living beside them in bed with a hard on.
I can't tell you how upset I would be if you were lying.
There's nothing to know, Ann.
If I'm right, I want to know. I don't want you to lie. I'd be very upset, but not as upset as if I'd found out you'd been lying.
No, I'm not. Frankly, I'm offended at the accusation.
Well, are you?
Jesus Christ, where'd that come from? I have a late lunch by myself and now I'm fucking somebody?
Are you having an affair?
Something wrong?
I ate by myself.
Who'd you have lunch with?
Then maybe I saw an old message. There are a lot of them on my desk, you know.
That's interesting, because I didn't leave a message.
Yes. I just got busy.
Did you see a message to call me when you got back in?
Tuesday. I had a late lunch.
I called you Tuesday at 3:30 and they said you weren't in. Do you remember where you were?
Mmmmm...
John?
Stay away from the Garden District. Serious crime. I don't know what kind of place you're looking for, but there are a lot of studio-type apartments available elsewhere.
Graham and I were talking about apartments and I told him to check the Garden District, there are some nice little places there, garage apartments and stuff.
Are you going to see Elizabeth while you're here?
Oh, we get along okay. She's just very... she's an extrovert. I think she's loud. She probably wouldn't agree. Definitely wouldn't agree.
You did that?
That's the first thing that ran through my mind when I saw you. I thought this is not the same man that rode the unicycle naked through the homecoming parade.
I know, but this... I just feel like everybody I know right now is obsessed with sex.
There are many things that can exert control over one's life, good and bad. Religion, greed, philanthropy, drugs.
Because all she thinks about are these guys she's after and I just hate her she's such a little slut I thought that in high school and I think that now. Why do people have to be so obsessed with sex all what's the big damn deal? I mean, it's okay and everything, but I don't understand when people let it control them, control their lives, why do they do that?
Why?
I hate my sister.
But you don't have hidden motives for feeling that way, right?
I'm glad you feel that way, because I feel that way, too.
Yes.
Do you feel there is more progress to be made?
Not really.
Do you want to leave therapy?
Yes.
That you are under no obligation to me?
Yes.
You understand that you are free to leave therapy at any time?
I guess.
It's possible that Graham has hidden motives for disliking therapy and/or therapists. Perhaps he has problems of his own that he is unwilling to deal with, and he would like to see other people, you for instance, wallow in their situation just as he does. Do you think that's possible?
What do you mean? I don't understand.
Ann, in life one has to be aware of hidden agendas.  Did it occur to you that Graham may have his own reasons for not wanting you to be in therapy?
That guy Graham I told you about. He said taking advice from someone you don't know intimately was... well, he said a lot of stuff.
I thought that's what I did. Who was it that you talked to?
I've been thinking about it for awhile, and then I was talking to somebody who kind of put things in perspective for me.
What brought this on?
I guess, but not because of the way he looked or anything. He's just so different, somebody new to have a conversation with. I'm just tired of talking to other couples about whether or not they're going to buy the station wagon, you know? It's just boring. I don't know, he was just different. And he's really on about truth a lot, being honest, and I like that, I felt comfortable around him.  After he left I had a dream that he signed a lease to rent our guest room.
Let me rephrase. Were you attracted to him?
What do you mean, like physically?
Did you find him attractive?
No, he left last week.
Is he still at your house?
Oh, Graham. No, I didn't talk to him about that. Actually, that turned out to be pretty interesting. I expected Graham to be this... well, like John, you know? I mean, he said they had gone to school together, so I was expecting lots of stories about getting drunk and secret handshakes and stuff. But he turned out to be this... this kind of character, I mean, he's kind of arty but okay, you know?
The friend of John's that was staying at your house.
What visitor?
Did you confront John about the visitor?
Well, the cumulative effect is not good, let me tell you.  I knew I shouldn't have watered those plants.
No, I haven't.
Yes, it's this radioactive gas in the ground, and houses kind of act like magnets to pull it up, and -- you've never heard of this?
Radon leakage?
Well, I don't know. The week started off okay, but then I was outside watering the plants, and I started feeling dizzy from the heat and that got me thinking about the Greenhouse Effect, so I went inside and turned on the air-conditioner full blast, and that made me feel a little better until I started thinking about radon leakage coming up through the floor, and --
Well, kind of recently, I guess. But not too recently.
So it was recently that you tried this.
Well, I kind of tried once. It just seemed stupid, I kept seeing myself lying there and it seemed stupid, and kind of, uh, I don't know, and then I was wondering if my dead grandfather could see me doing this, and it just seemed like a dumb thing to be doing when we don't know what to do with all that garbage, you know?
I take it you've never masturbated?
God, no.
Did you masturbate?
What do you mean?
Did you do anything?
But see, he stopped before I got that feeling, that's why it seems weird to me. I mean, I'm sure he wishes I would initiate things once in awhile, and I would except it never occurs to me, I'm always thinking about something else and then the few times that I have felt like starting something I was by myself.
Perhaps he senses your hesitance at being touched.
Oh, yeah.  But see, I've never really been into sex that much, I mean, I like it and everything, it just does't freak me out, I wouldn't miss it, you know? But anyway, lately we haven't been doing anything at all. Like I said, it's not that I miss it, but I'm curious the way things kind of slacked off all of a sudden.
Prior to this feeling, were you comfortable having physical contact with him?
About a week ago. I don't know what brought it on, I just started feeling like I didn't want him to touch me.
When did you begin having this feeling?
Fine, I guess. Except right now I'm going through this where I don't want him to touch me.
This unexpected visit notwithstanding, how are things with John?
Yeah, I know.
But he asked you to quit your job, and you do have housework.
I guess I'm upset because I can't really justify being upset, I mean, it's his house, really, he pays the mortgage.
What upsets you about that?
No. I don't know. I haven't told him about the garbage thing because I'm pissed off at him right now. He's letting some old college buddy stay at our house for a couple of days, and he didn't even ask me about it. I mean, I would've said yes, I just wish he would've asked.
Are you afraid of his reaction? Of his finding you silly for thinking of such things?
Well, do you think many people run around thinking about how happy they feel and how great things are? I mean, maybe they do, but I doubt those people are in therapy. Besides, being happy isn't all that great. My figure is always at its best when I'm depressed. The last time I was really happy I put on twenty-five pounds. I thought John was going to have a stroke.
If you think about it, I think you'll see that the object of your obsession is invariably something negative that you couldn't possibly have any control over.
Yeah, so?
Well, last week we talked about your obsession with the families of airline fatalities, and now we're talking about your concern over the garbage problem.
What do you mean?
Ann, do you see a pattern here?
Well, this weekend John was taking out the garbage, and he kept spilling things out of the container, and I started imagining a container that grew garbage, like it just kept filling up and overflowing all by itself, and how could you stop that if it started happening?
Do you have any idea what triggered this concern?
Don't you think that's a lot of garbage? I'd really like to know where it's all going to go.
No, I didn't.
Nothing. I mean, nothing. I try not to do anything that will produce garbage, so obviously we're talking about eating and basic stuff like that. Did you know that the average person produces three pounds of garbage a day?
Yes, I remember. What do you do when these moods overtake you?
Bye.
Bye.
Okay.
I get real busy between two and four.
No.
Do you have my work number?
Well. I can't stay.
Thank you.
Thirty-two dollars.
So what's my share of the dress?
Hold on.
I was just trying to --
It does not.
It looks like a tablecloth.
It's a sun dress.
What is it?
Here it is.
Then why do you keep asking about it?
I don't want to discuss it.
Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much. You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
You are in serious trouble.
No. I don't think they all did what I did.
So he's got this catalogue of women touching themselves? That doesn't make you feel weird?
He's harmless. He just sits around and looks at these tapes. What's the big deal?
That doesn't mean you do. You can't possibly trust him, he's... perverted.
I feel like I do.
You know what I mean, you don't even know him!
You couldn't do it, period.
I mean, I couldn't do that in front of John, even.
Why?
I can't believe you did that!!
Listen to you!! You sound like Mom. What are you talking about?
You are in trouble.
In front of him, Ann, yes.
You touched him?
No, but I did.
Did he touch you?
Well, it's too late now, isn't it?
You don't know that for sure.
He wouldn't do that.
Cynthia, who knows where that tape may end up? He could be... bouncing it off some satellite or something. Some horny old men in South America or something could be watching it.
I wanted him to see me.
But why did you want to?
Because I wanted to.
Why did you do that?
What!?
Cynthia!
Yes, I did.
Did he ask you to take your clothes off?
Apparently.
Oh, so you'll let a total stranger record your sexual life on tape, but you won't tell your own sister?
Well, like, I don't want to tell you, exactly.
Well, like what did he ask, exactly?
Questions about sex.
What kinds of questions?
He just asked me questions.
I don't know.
Then why'd you call me?
I don't want to talk about it.
Well, what, then?
No, he's not dangerous. Not physically.
Well, what? Is he dangerous?
No, it's nothing like that.
Then what's the story, what's this "strange" bullshit all of a sudden? Is he drowning puppies, or what?
No!
What the hell happened over there? Did he make a pass at you?
Because. Cynthia, look, John was right. Graham is strange. Very strange. You don't want to get involved with him.
Well, why?
Because I never got around to it.
Why not?
No, I didn't.
What do you mean he doesn't want me to come over? Did you tell him about me?
I don't... he doesn't want you to come over.
I was thinking maybe I shouldn't be in therapy anymore.
Good. Now, if you'll pardon me, I have to go to work.
Fine.
Okay, Ann, okay. How about this: you buy her something nice, and I'll pay for half. All right?
I just thought it might --
Will you stop? Jesus.
Don't you think she deserves a little more than a card? I mean, the woman gave birth to you. It's her fiftieth birthday --
What's wrong with that?
A card? For her fiftieth birthday?
I don't know, I'll get her a card or something.
Are you getting Mom something for her birthday?
That goddam diamond stud earring that cost me a fucking fortune.
Lose something?
And... do whatever it is you do.
And what?
I don't feel right just giving you the address so that you can go over there and...
Why? Just give me the address, you won't even have to be involved.
Let me talk to him first.
Oh, please. Okay, so give me the Zen master's address, I'll think of a reason to stop by.
He's not getting a phone, he doesn't like talking on the phone.
What are you talking about?
But he won't.
Well, I'll call him when he does.
He doesn't have a phone.
Ann, you don't have a clue. Look, I don't even know why we're discussing this, I'll just call him myself.
I have a pretty good idea.
"My type"? What is this bullshit? How would you know what "my type" is?
Oh, for God's sake. Really, Cynthia, really, I don't think he's your type.
I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together. I think you're afraid he'll be undeniably drawn to me.
Well, I wonder why.
Ann, you always underestimate me.
Well, he doesn't strike me as the kind of person that would go in for that sort of thing, anyway.
I say it because it's descriptive.
You know what. You say it just to irritate me.
What?
Do you have to say that?
Besides, even if I decided to fuck his brains out, what business is that of yours?
Jesus, Ann, get a life. I just asked what he looked like.
Why, so you can go after him?
I just want to know what he looks like, is all.
Why?
Uh-huh. So what's he look like?
Not really. Maybe if I just saw him on the street I'd have said that, but after talking to him... he's just kind of... I don't know, unusual.
Is he? Strange, I mean?
No, not at all. Actually, I don't think John likes him much anymore. He said he thought Graham had gotten strange.
Must be nice. So, what's he like, is he like John?
I don't know. He went to school here, then he was in New York for awhile, then Philadelphia, and then just kind of travelling around.
So will you, someday.
Well, why would she want a sun dress? She's got spots on her shoulders and varicose veins.
It was busy.
There's a phone here.
I wish you'd get an answering machine.
Wait a minute. Do you mean... don't tell me you... in front of him.
No, I touched me.
Did you take your clothes off?
Did he ask me to take my clothes off? No, he didn't.
No.
Goddamit, give me my tape, then.
I'm sorry. I can't do it.
I can't believe you're doing this after I let you tape me.
Cynthia, I don't know.
Well, what the hell am I supposed to do?
I would.
How about if you record over the one we already made? You could have the same date and not use another tape. Who would know?
No.
So make an exception.
Ouch. Okay, I deserved that. Cynthia, don't you understand? After the first time it's just not spontaneous. There's no edge anymore. Look at the tapes, there is only one date on each label. I have never taped anyone twice.
But I want you to do it, I want somebody who will ask the right questions and everything, somebody I can play to and feel safe because you can't do anything.
I'm sure a substantial number of men in this town would volunteer.
Now who the hell is going to do that for me?
No. You'll have to get somebody else.
I can't talk you into it?
I never do more than one. I'm sorry.
No? Not even one more?
No.
I'd like to make another tape.
Okay.
Look, I'm just going to come right out and tell you why I'm here, okay?
Hi.
Hello.
He doesn't have to tell me.
Is that what he tells you?
John doesn't have sex with Ann anymore.
Different.
Prettier than Ann?
Yes.
Do you think I'm pretty?
Yes.
Do you like the way I look?
If you wish.  You're not wearing any underwear.
Would you like me to take my pants off?
Then I started moving my hand, and then he stopped talking.
Then what happened?
He said that my hand felt good.
What did he say?
It was warmer than I thought it would be, and the skin was softer than it looked. It's weird. Thinking about it now, the organ itself seemed like a separate thing, a separate entity to me. I mean, after he pulled it out and I could look at it and touch it, I completely forgot that there was a guy attached to it. I remember literally being startled when the guy spoke to me.
What about when you touched it? What did you expect it to feel like, and then what did it really feel like?
No. If anything, after I looked at it awhile, it got more interesting. It had character, you know?
Were you disappointed?
Not really. I didn't picture it with veins or ridges or anything, I thought it would be smooth, like a test tube.
What did you think? Did it look like you expected?
Very much live.
Live, or in a photograph or film of some sort?
When I was fourteen.
How unfortunate. So when did you finally get to see a penis?
No. He kind of avoided me for the rest of the summer, and then his family moved away. To Cleveland, actually.
Was it ever a topic of conversation between the two of you afterward?
I was... eight years old. Michael Green, who was also eight, asked if he could watch me take a pee. I said he could if I could watch him take one, too. He said okay, and then we went into the woods behind our house. I got this feeling he was chickening out because he kept saying, "Ladies first!" So I pulled down my underpants and urinated, and he ran away before I even finished.
Your first sexual experience.
My first sexual experience or the first time I had intercourse?
Describe for me your first sexual experience.
Cynthia Patrice Bishop.
I am now recording. Tell me your name.
Just a moment.
I'd rather sit. Are you ready?
Whichever you prefer.
Do I sit or stand?
No.
Can I see some of the other tapes to get an idea of what --
That depends on you. One woman only used three minutes. Another filled up three two hour tapes.
How long will it take?
Yes.
And you ask questions, right?
I turn on the camera. You start talking.
How do we start?
Absolutely not. They are for my private use only.
Would anybody else see the tape?
Yes.
Is this how you get off or something? Taping women talking about their sexual experiences?
That's all.
And that's all?
I just want to ask you questions.
You just want to ask me questions?
Nothing.
What makes you think I'd discuss that with you?
Sex. Your sexual history, your sexual preferences.
About what?
Talking.
Doing what?
Why don't you let me tape you?
Well, either you are or you aren't. Which is it?
Not exactly.
Well, they must be something sexual, because Ann gets freaked out by that shit. Are these tapes of you having sex with these girls or something?
What do you get?
Oh, okay. I think I get it.
Spooked.
I think you're right. So come on, I came all the way over here to find out what got Ann so spooked, tell me what happened.
Nope. I think the man is a liar.
Well, I don't really listen to her when it comes to men. I mean, look at John, for crissake. Oh, you went to school with him didn't you? You're probably friends or something.
I don't understand. Why did you want to come here? I mean, I can't imagine Ann painted a very flattering portrait of me.
I, uh, know a guy at the power company.
How did you find me?
Nope.
She didn't give you my address?
Nope.
She didn't tell you why she was upset?
Nope.
And are you here to berate me for making her that way?
She still is.
No, I really can't. I find it healthy never to characterize people I don't know or conversations I haven't heard. I don't know what you and your sister discussed about me or anything else. Last time I saw Ann she left here very... confused, I would say. And upset.
Well, like I said, Ann is my sister. Sisters talk. You can imagine the rest.
I just want to know why you're here.
You want me to leave?
She called you that, too. May I ask why you're here?
She must have been in a good mood when she said that. She usually calls me loud.
The extrovert.
I'm Ann Millaney's sister.
Do I know you?
I'm Cynthia Bishop.
Who are you?
No, John, things are getting real simple.
I knew it, I knew it. Things are getting complicated.
John, we have nothing to talk about.
Maybe I don't want to leave. Maybe I want to talk.
I know. Will you please leave now?
God, you... you're mean.
If he had been under your prick you'd have spotted him for sure.
I can't believe I let him stay in my house. Right under my nose. That deviant fucker was right under my nose and I didn't see him.
No, he didn't put me up to this. Jesus, I don't need people to tell me what I should do. I've just been thinking about things, that's all.
Graham.
Who?
Did he put you up to this?
Come on, John. You should be happy, we've gone this far without Ann finding out, I'm making it real easy on you. Just walk out of here and I'll see you at your house for a family dinner sometime.
How about straightening up the living room?
Well, I'm here now. I'd like to do something...
Actually, no, I've changed my mind. I shouldn't have called.
Look, are we going to do it or not?
That's right. But I never took a vow in front of God and everybody to be "faithful" to my sister.
By definition you're lying to Ann, too.
Oh, please. Come on, John. You're fucking your wife's sister and you hardly been married a year. You're a liar. But at least I know you're a liar. It's the people that don't know, like Ann, that have to watch out.
It hurts that you would say that to me.
Exactly what I said. I'd trust him before I'd trust you. How much clearer can I be?
What do you mean?
Yeah, I do. A helluva lot more than I trust you.
You trust him.
It won't. I trust him.
You realize you have no recourse legally? This stuff could show up anywhere.
No.
It just wasn't a smart thing to do. Did you sign any sort of paper, or did he have any contract with you saying he wouldn't broadcast these tapes?
Hung up.
I just... Ann is very...
She's a grown-up, she can handle it.
It's just something I'd prefer she didn't know about.
Why not?
I wish you hadn't done that.
Of course. She is my sister. I tell her almost everything.
You told Ann about this?
I felt like it, so what? Goddam, you and Ann make such a big deal out of it.
Interact, fine, but did you have to masturbate in front of him, for God's sake? I mean...
Doesn't work. He has to know the people, he has to be able to interact with them.
Jesus. I could almost understand it if he was screwing these people, almost. Why doesn't he just buy some magazines or porno movies or something?
Right.
Jesus Christ. And he doesn't have sex with any of them? They just talk?
"The wrong hands"? We're not talking about military secrets, John. They're just tapes that he makes so he can sit around and get off.
What if this tape gets into the wrong hands?
I like the way he dresses.
Shit, after what you've told me, I don't know. I should've known, when he showed up dressed like some arty brat.
Well, you know him, he's a friend of yours, do you think he can be trusted?
That you... you don't even know the guy.
What's so stupid about it?
It's just so blatantly stupid, I have a hard time believing you did it.
Look, I'll call you, okay?
Do you want me to stop calling?
I don't think my sister would agree.
Nothing wrong with trying.
I don't know. I'm not sure I can duplicate the level of intensity I had the other day.
She's there? What's she doing there?
Well, this is timely. Your wife is here, would you like to speak to her?
Cynthia. John.
Hello.
Then get those balls in the air and get your butt over here.
Jesus, I don't know if I can get away. I've got a client waiting. I'd have to do some heavy duty juggling.
Right now.
When?
I want to see you.
John Millaney.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
You know what I mean.
How about inviting me over to dinner?
Oh.  Well, when, then?
Not today. I've got other plans.
Cynthia. John.
Hello.
In here!!
John?
You are scum. I'll be there.
Cynthia. John. Meet me at my house in exactly one hour.
Hello.
Sure. Maybe he's the man I'm looking for. Then I won't have to fuck worried husbands all the time.
You're intrigued?
I'm intrigued.
Cynthia, I don't think you want to, I mean, you should see the way he dresses. I really think he's in a bad way.
You should be. Can I meet this friend of yours?
Maybe.
Afraid of getting caught?
No, I mean doing it at my house.
Well, maybe I could just start a rumor, then.
Could be risky.
I wish I could tell everybody that Ann's a lousy lay. Beautiful, popular, Ann Bishop Millaney.
I did.
Who said I was jealous?
I can handle it. Besides, the money is good and some of the guys are cute. And you are in no position to be jealous.
I hate the thought of guys hitting on you all the time.
Why?
I wish you'd quit that bartending job.
Right.
Meaning we'll have to cool it for awhile, right?
I have a friend coming in from out of town, I'll probably be spending some time with him the next couple of days.
Don't give me this passive/aggressive bullshit. If you want to leave, leave. My life doesn't stop when you walk out the door, you know what I'm saying?
I can't let my lunch hour go on too long. I've already skipped one meeting.
I only get one today? Gee, how exciting.
I've got to get back to the office.
How about for five hundred?
Not for three-fifty.
Will you lease month-to-month?
Plus first and last month deposit.
No.  You said three-fifty?
Student?
It'll just be me.
Plenty of room for two people.
Shut up!!!
You're hesitating. I think that means you have.
Answer him, goddammit!!
Goddamit...
Have you ever wanted to make love to someone other than your husband?
I'm not going to give you my keys.
Your keys, asshole!! Your two fucking keys!! Give them to me!!
My keys?
Give me your keys.
No.
Graham, I swear to Christ I'll kill your scrawny ass. Now give me those tapes.
No.
I'm not kidding, Graham, you'd better do what I say. Give me those tapes.
No.
I need help? Whose sitting by himself in a room choking his chauncey to a bunch of videotapes, Graham? Not me, buddy. You're the fucking nut. Now show me those tapes.
God, you need help.
What the hell do you think? I love Ann. You think I'm going to tell her about Cynthia and hurt her feelings like that?
She's not property, John, she's a person. Were you just going to keep right on lying to her?
So is my wife, asshole!!
John, as a lawyer, you should know that those tapes are private property.
You know which tapes! Where are they?
What tapes?
Where are the tapes, Graham?
Hi, John.
Or go someplace in a hurry.
Especially if you want to leave someplace in a hurry.
I like having the car, the car is important.
Get rid of the car when you get your apartment, then you'll still have one key.
What do you mean?
I wish I didn't have to live someplace.
She held up very well.
Really. How'd it go?
Yes, this afternoon. I was grilling Ann about your marriage this afternoon.
You were prying before?
I'm sorry. Am I prying again?
You have family here also?
Yeah, it's not bad. Usually Ann has some serious salt action going. I keep telling her, you can always add more if you want, but you can't take it out.
A bonfire, probably.
What do you think the Greeks would make of that outfit you're wearing?
Everybody has a past.
Mr. Kirkland has asked me to inform you that he has obtained legal representation elsewhere, and that if you have a message for him to leave it with me.
Yes?
Mr. Millaney?
Anyway, I've always said, the work is the thing. I can be happy without a marriage, but take away my work, that's different. And if Ann can't handle that, that's her problem, like we re all alone in this world, you know what I'm saying? I mean, fuck.  Jesus, what's takin' this guy?
One moment.
John Millaney.
May I ask who's calling?
Brian Kirkland, please.
IBM.
All right, jesus.
He said immediately.
Okay, in a minute, I'm on with a client.
Mr. Forman would like to see you in his office.
Yeah.
Mr. Millaney?
