Full disruptors.
Target their Bridge.
I don't know. He bathed, now he is roaming the ship. He must be the only Engineer in Starfleet who does not go to Engineering!
Where is he now?
Then when is he going to Engineering?
He is.
I thought he was the Chief Engineer.
Where is he?
It's working.
We'll consider it a prisoner exchange.
The Captain would make a much more valuable hostage.
HoS qorDu. 
Toh-pak-cha=8A 
Yes, well, congratulations, Ensign. It wouldn't be the Enterprise without a Sulu at the helm.
Twelve years, sir.
But that wasn't so long ago. It couldn't have been more than...
I don't want to hear anymore about it. I'm not going, and that's final.
Captain=8A
Captain. Perhaps you have forgotten that tomorrow is the christening ceremony.
Tomorrow I want to make a tri-elliptical jump. That's where you jump out over Northern China and make three complete orbits before you start re-entry.
Thanks for pointing that out.
Actually, Captain, your precise target area was thirty-five meters that way.
I have to find a way to get to Soran.
Approximately forty-seven minutes, sir.
Sorry, sir.  There is too much interference in the planet's ionosphere for an accurate reading.
Commander.
"Lifeforms tiny little lifeforms. Where are the lifeforms-"
Approximately two hundred thirty million.
Population?
Veridian III is uninhabited, but Veridian IV supports a pre-industrial humanoid society.
Are any of them inhabited?
And destroy every planet in the system.
It should be noted, sir, that the collapse of the Veridian star would produce a shock wave similar to the one we observed at Amargosa.
That's where he's going.
Yes, sir. There are two in the Veridian system.
He can't go to the ribbon, so he's trying to make the ribbon come to him.  Data, is it going to pass near any M-Class planets?
I believe so.
Now, you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered, could that also affect the course of the ribbon?
I believe so.
Courage is an emotion too, Data.  Now, can you project the course of the ribbon?
Can you project its course?
This is its current position.
The destruction of the Amargosa star has altered the gravitational forces throughout the sector. Any ship passing through this region will have to make a minor course correction.
Wait. The Bozeman,why did it change course?
According to our current information, the destruction of the Amargosa star has had the following effects in this sector: gamma emissions have increased by .05 percent, the starship Bozeman was forced to make a course correction, a research project on Gorik IV was halted due to increased neutrino particles, ambient magnetic fields have decreased by-
Guilt. It is a most unpleasant feeling.
No. And what you must try to avoid is becoming consumed by another emotion which I believe you're beginning to experience: guilt.
But I did not deal with it, sir. I let it prevent me from helping my friend.  Does that make me a coward?
Fear is a very difficult emotion to overcome. It's something we all have to learn to deal with.
I wanted to save Geordi. I tried. But I experienced something I did not expect.  I believe it was fear.
What do you mean?
No, sir. I am finding it difficult to concentrate. I believe I am overwhelmed with feelings of remorse and regret concerning my actions on the observatory.
Data, are you all right?
It will take a few moments for the computer to compile the information.
Give me a list of those effects. I want to know every single thing which has been altered or changed, no matter how insignificant.
The star's destruction has had numerous astro-physical effects within this sector. However, none of them appear to have a connection to the energy ribbon.
Guinan said Soran was trying to get back to the ribbon. If that's true, then there must be some connection with the Amargosa star.
Sorry, Captain. The ribbon has already entered the galaxy. It will pass through this sector in approximately thirty-one hours.
Data?
When is it expected back?
According to our information, the ribbon is a conflux of temporal energy which travels through our galaxy every 39.1 years
One minute to warp core breach.
That's it, Bridge- we're all out!
We better get you back to the ship  La Forge to Enterprise.
I believe the emotional chip has overloaded my positronic relays.
Data, are you all right?
I am sorry, but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wrong
Data, this isn't the time.
It appears to be a magnetically sealed.
I don't see a control panel, or an access port.
Thanks.
I know. I just got it.  It was very funny.
The Farpoint mission? Data, that was seven years ago.
During the Farpoint mission. We were on the Bridge and you told a joke. That was the punchline.
What?
You get what?
I get it. I get it.
I am uncertain. I have had little experience with emotions. I am unable to articulate the sensation.
Really? What do you feel?
I believe the beverage has provoked an emotional response.
Well?
Agreed.
But at the first sign of trouble, I'm going to deactivate it. Agreed?
That is true. However, I believe my growth as an artificial lifeform has reached an impasse. For thirty-four years I have endeavored to become more "human"- to grow beyond my original programming. And yet I am still unable to grasp such a simple concept as humor. This emotion chip is the only answer.
Wait a minute. I thought you've always been afraid it would overload your neural net.
It has occurred to me on several occasions. But I believe this may be the appropriate time.
Data, you're not thinking about using that thing are you?
I was attempting to get in the spirit of things. I thought it would be humorous.
No, but I'd stay out of Sickbay for a while if I were you. I still don't know why you dropped her in the water.
Is she still angry?
All hands, brace for impact!
I have rerouted auxiliary power to the lateral thrusters- attempting to level our descent.
Perhaps.  Yes! If we sent a low-level ionic pulse, it might reset the coil and engage the cloaking systems.
Could we access the defective coil and trigger their cloak?
I hope so, sir.
We all are, Data. But we're going to get him back.
I am quite...preoccupied with concern about Geordi.
Looks like you're stuck with emotions for a while. How do you feel?
The station complement was nineteen.
Sensors show five life signs aboard the station, Captain.
There's some buckling on the starboard nacelle.  We've also got a hull breach in the Engineering section. Emergency forcefields are in place and holding.
You did it, Kirk!  Damage report, Ensign.
I'll go. You have the Bridge.
Deck 15, section 21-alpha.
Beam them directly to Sickbay.
We're within range, sir.
On screen.
We're within visual range of the energy distortion, Captain.
Signal the closest starship. We're in no condition to mount a rescue. We don't even have a full crew aboard.
The ships are bearing at 3-1-0 mark 2-1-5. Distance: three light years.
Can you locate them?
I can't leave. I'm already there, remember?
You're right. I'll need help.  Guinan, will you come back with me? Together, we could-
What makes you think things will be any different this time?
I know exactly where I want to go, and when. Back to that mountaintop on Veridian III, before Soran put out the star. I have to stop him.
I told you, time has no meaning here. If you leave, you can go anywhere, any time.
I don't understand.
Yes, where would you go?
Can I?
Why would you want to leave?
Guinan, can I leave the Nexus?
Yeah. They're great, aren't they? You can go back and see them born, go forward and see your grandchildren. Time has no meaning here.
These are my children...my children.
Wherever he wanted to be.
Where is he now?
All of us.
Soran?
When the Enterprise-B beamed us off the Lakul, we were partially in the Nexus. The transporters locked on to us, but somehow everyone left a part of themselves behind.
Left behind?
I am on the Enterprise. I am also here.  Think of me as an "echo" of the person you know. A part she left behind.
Guinan, what are you doing here? I thought you were on the Enterprise.
Enjoy them, Jean-Luc.
But I never had a wife, children, a home like this.
For you. This is where you wanted to be.
This is the Nexus?
You're in the Nexus.
Guinan, what's going on? Where am I?
But why destroy a star?  Thank you, Guinan.
Soran may still be obsessed with getting back. And if he is, he'll do anything to find that doorway again.
Your "sixth sense"- I've always wondered where it came from.  And what about Soran?
It took a long time, but eventually I learned to live with it. And I began to realize that my experience in the Nexus had changed me.  I knew things about people, about events, about time.
I can't remember very much - what it looked like or how long I was there. But I do remember how it felt.
What happened to you?
That ribbon isn't just some random energy phenomenon travelling through space. It's a doorway. It leads to another place- the Nexus. It doesn't exist in our universe and it doesn't play by the same rules either.
What's the "Nexus"?
Soran doesn't care about power or weapons. All he cares about is getting back to the Nexus.
Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to-
Oh yes. I remember everyone who was on the Lakul, every face. Even the ones who didn't make it.
Do you remember him?
Risk is part of the game if you want to sit in that chair.
What about the gravimetric distortions? They'll tear us apart.
It won't be installed until Tuesday.  Ensign Sulu, try generating a subspace field around the ships. That might break them free.
You left spacedock without a tractor beam?
We don't have a tractor beam.
Please, I insist.
No, no. Thank you.
Prepare to leave spacedock. Aft thrusters ahead one quarter, port and starboard at station keeping.  Captain Kirk, I'd be honored if you would give the order to get underway.
Oh, of course.
Excuse me, gentlemen, if you'll take your seats.
Please, please.
Well, may we have a look around?
It's our pleasure.
I'm Captain John Harriman. I'd like to welcome you all aboard.
Least I could do for a captain of the Enterprise.
Yes.  Thank you.
Did we do it? Did we make a difference?
I'll find a way to contact the Enterprise. You're going to be all right.
Of course, if Spock were here, he'd say I was being an irrational, illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that.
You could say that.
I take it the odds are against us and the situation is grim?
That's right.
How can I argue with the captain of the Enterprise? What was the name of that planet=8A Veridian III?
I hadn't planned on it.
Close to retirement?
That's right.
Captain of the Enterprise, huh?
She's not real either, is she? Nothing here is. Nothing here matters.
Antonia?
This is my uncle's barn in Iowa.
Better?
No, no, it's not. It's better.
I don't need to be lectured by you. I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was still in diapers. And frankly, I think the galaxy owes me one  I was like you once- so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform. And in the end, what did it get me? Nothing. Not this time.
You're a Starfleet officer and you have a duty to-
You said history considers me dead. Who am I to argue with history?
Temporal nexus, yeah, I heard you.  Something's missing.
Not exactly. As I said, this is some kind of-
So you're telling me this is the 24th-century, and I'm dead?
I'm from what you would consider the future; the 24th-century.
This clock, I gave this clock to Bones.
Yes, yes, it is.
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Captain, I don't know how much longer I can hold her together!
Kirk here.
I always do.
Keep her together until I get back.
Where are the deflector relays?
Captain, it may be possible to simulate a torpedo blast using a resonance burst from the main deflector dish.
Load torpedo bays, prepare to fire on my command.
Aye.
A photon torpedo?
An anti-matter discharge directly ahead=8A it might disrupt the field long enough for us to break away.
I thought you might.
But I do have a theory...
There's just no way to disrupt a gravimetric field of this magnitude!
The first thing you learn as captain is how to cheat death.  Scotty?
Phasing? To where?
Their life signs are are phasing in and out of our space-time continuum.
It's like you always said- if something's important enough, you make the time.
Sulu. When did he find the time for a family?
And what would that be, sir?
You know, Scotty, it amazes me.
When I retired, I swore I'd never set foot on a starship again, and I meant it.
What do you mean, you're not going? We promised.
I'm not going  Scotty, help me with this chute.
I've warned ye about that back of yours. You should have a doctor take a look at it.
Oh
I told you everything. You might as well just kill me right now.
We learn something new about ourselves every day.  Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows.
No, I didn't know that.
I just stopped your heart for five seconds. It felt like an eternity, didn't it? Did you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minutes before the onset of brain damage?
Yeah, they're full of great ideas.
Oh, I forgot to tell you. While you were unconscious, I injected a nano-probe into your bloodstream. It's been navigating your cardiovascular system, and right now I've attached it to your left ventricle.  A little trick I picked up from the Borg.
Guinan? I don't know what you're talking about.
What about Guinan? What has she told you about me?
No.
Let's try to move beyond the usual prisoner-interrogator banter, shall we? You have information and I need it.  Did the Captain explain his orders to you? Did he say why you were searching for trilithium?
I was ordered to by the Captain.
I don't want a science lecture. You were on that observatory looking for trilithium. Why?
What do you want?
Normal is what everyone else is, and what you are not.
What's normal?
A remarkable piece of equipment, but a little inelegant, wouldn't you say?  Have you ever considered a prosthesis that would make you look a little more...normal?
You may still. Somehow I doubt this will be the last ship to carry the name Enterprise.
I always thought I'd have a crack at this chair one day.
Too big. How long until the ribbon arrives?
That's a pretty big margin of error.
They're just trying to decide whether a twenty year-old Klingon Bird of Prey is any match for the Federation flagship.
Maybe they're not out there.
How is that possible?
A quantum implosion has occurred within the Amargosa star. All nuclearfusion is breaking down.
Report.
No. Thank you.
Sir, is there anything wrong?
Understood. That will be all.
There is something else, Captain. One of the scientists, a Doctor Soran,has insisted on speaking with you.  I told him you were busy, sir, but he said it was absolutely imperative that he speak with you right away.
Thank you, Number One.
No, sir.
Is there a problem?
You want me to contact Starfleet?
Hmm,  Inform Starfleet Command. This could indicate a new Romulan threat in this sector.
We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart.
There's still no indication of why they attacked the station?
Make it so.
Sir?
Bad food, brutal discipline.  No women.
Imagine what it was like, Will. No engines, no computers, just the wind, the sea and the stars to guide you.
Aye, aye, sir.  Take the wheel, Commander.
Well, now that we're all aboard=8A  Number One, bring the ship before the wind.  Let's see what's out there.
When we went to ancient Rome for Deanna's promotion, we threw her to the lions, remember?
Don't you think you're taking this a little too far, Number One?
Mr. Data, scan the planet for lifeforms.
Or perhaps they're on the surface.
There's nothing selfish about pursuing your own life, your own career.
My brother had shouldered that burden, allowing me to pursue my own selfish needs.
You felt it was no longer your responsibility to carry on the family line.
Ever since I was a little boy, I remember hearing about the family line. The Picards that fought at Trafalgar, the Picards that settled the first Martian colony. When my brother married and had a son...
Your family history is very important to you, isn't it?
In a way, he was as close as I ever came to having a child of my own.
It's only natural to feel a heightened sense of tragedy when a child dies.  But it goes deeper than that, doesn't it? I can sense that Rene meant a great deal to you.
What I can't get out of my mind is the image of Rene- my nephew. I just can't believe he's gone.
Captain, Im sorry.  I know there were a lot of unresolved conflicts between you and your brother.
All right, all right. You've made your point.
Very well. I suppose I could make out my weekly report to Starfleet Command without your input.  "Admiral Lusby, regarding the unusual behavior of Jean-Luc Picard: I find him increasingly irritable, remote and uncooperative. I recommend forced shore leave at a Starbase facility in order to-"
Well, with all due respect to your Betazoid senses, I prefer to be alone right now.
You can't fool an empath, Captain. I know exactly when I'm needed.
As ship's counselor, it's your duty to know not only when you're needed but also when you're not.
I'm afraid I can't just leave it at that. The commanding officer of this ship is clearly distraught about something. As ship's counselor, it's my duty to-
Well, I appreciate your concern, but I'd rather not discuss it right now, thank you.
Actually, I'm here to see if there's anything I can do for you.
Counselor. What can I do for you?
Yes. Fine. If you'll excuse me.
Captain, are you all right?
Thank you.
Careful, Captain. That's a fifty gigawatt forcefield. I wouldn't want to see you get hurt.
Time has no meaning there. The predator has no teeth.
The Nexus.
What if I told you I found a new truth?
We're all mortal, Soran. It's one of the truths of ou existence.
Not if it means killing over two hundred million people.  I wonder, did your wife Leandra know that she married a man who was capable of mass murder?
I've spent eighty years looking for another way, Captain. This is the only one.  Of course, you could always come with me. You fancy yourself an explorer. Here's a chance to explore something no human has ever experienced.
The only possible reason you're here is because you're not entirely confident you can shoot down my probe after all. So you've come to dissuade me from my horrific plan.  Good luck.
The thought had crossed my mind.
You must think I'm quite the madman.
We're doing the best we can. Now if you'll excuse me...
The timing is very important on my experiment- if it is not completed within the next twelve hours, years of research will be lost.
Doctor, we're still conducting an investigation into the attack. Once we've completed our work, we'll be happy to allow you and your fellow scientists back aboard the observatory. Until then-
Yes. I need to return to the observatory immediately. I must continue a critical experiment I was running on the Amargosa star.
Nothing for me.  I understand there's something urgent you need to discuss with me.
Yes, yes, Captain. Thank you for coming.
Doctor Soran?
We're only going to get one shot at this. Target their primary reactor. With any luck, their warp core should implode.
Aye, sir.
Worf, prepare a spread of photon torpedoes. We'll have to hit them the instant they begin to cloak.
Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds.  Data,lock onto that plasma coil.
As their cloak begins to engage, their shields will drop.
I do not see how. The plasma coil is part of their cloaking device.
Plasma coils...is there any way we can use that to our advantage?
It is a Class D-12 Bird of Prey. They were retired from service because of defective plasma coils.
Lock phasers and return fire!
They have found a way to penetrate our shields.
Lursa and B'Etor? This doesn't make any sense. A renowned stellar physicist somehow uses a trilithium probe to destroy a star, kidnaps Geordi and escapes with a pair of Klingon renegades. Why? What the hell's going on?
I have spoken to the Klingon High Council, sir. They identified the Bird of Prey as belonging to the Duras sisters.
The star's going to collapse in a matter of minutes.
Sensor records show a solar probe was launched from the observatory a few moments ago.
Aye, sir.
Have Geordi and Data go over with the next Away Team. Tell them to scan the observatory for trilithium.
Why were they looking for it on a Federation observatory? It doesn't make any sense.
An experimental compound the Romulans have been working on. In theory, a trilithium-based explosive would be thousands of times more powerful than an anti-matter weapon. But they never found a way to stabilize it.
Trilithium?
One of the dead Romulans had a tricorder. We analyzed its sensor logs and found they were scanning for signature particles of a compound called trilithium.
Well, that narrows it to Klingon, Breen or Romulan.
These blast patterns are consistent with Type III disruptors.
There are no other ships in the system.
It looks like we're too late.
You see the top yardarm, now look to the-
The royal...studs?
