The "mighty" Federation could learn a few things from this village...
Do you really think your mighty Federation would be interested in protecting six hundred people?
I'll be here.
But I have three hundred and eighteen days of vacation time coming. I plan on using them.
I thought it might begin the healing process.
Mother and son. You arranged this...?
You've brought the Federation into the middle of a blood feud, Admiral. The children have returned to expel their elders... just as they were once expelled. Except Ru'afo's need for revenge has now escalated to parricide.
You're Ro'tin, aren't you...? There's something in the voice.  Would you be his friend Gal'na?  I helped your mother bathe you when you were a child. She still speaks of you.
This way!
There's a cavern at the base of the next hill...
I should warn you... I've always been attracted to older women...
What's the rush?
How is it a woman like you never married? And don't tell me you "just haven't gotten around to it yet"...
By now the Son'a have scanned the area and know that just as well as we do.
Right beyond that ridge is where the caves begin... we can hide for days...
Roughly translated: puberty... although for a Klingon that's not doing it justice...  Any severe mood swings, unusual aggressive tendencies -- be sure to let me know right away...
Jak'tahla?
We can hold them off a long time... once we get there...  But they will not make it easy to get there...
There are caves in those mountains.
When we're forced away by the terrain, we'll use transport inhibitors to compensate. The mountains have the highest concentrations. Once we're there, transport will be virtually impossible...
For someone so young.
... an offlander?
I wonder if you're aware of the trust you endanger, Jean-Luc Picard. In my experience, it's unusual for...
I just... haven't gotten around to it yet.
There's one thing I don't understand.  In three hundred years...you never learned to swim?
It took us centuries to learn that it doesn't have to take centuries to learn.
I wish I could spare a few centuries to learn.
Yes. Exactly. Nothing more complicated than perception.  You explore the universe. We've discovered a single moment in time can be a universe in itself... full of powerful forces... most people aren't aware enough of the now... to ever notice them...
Seeing my home planet from space for the first time...
When time seemed to stop... and you could almost live in that moment...
A perfect moment?
You'll stop reviewing what happened yesterday... stop planning for tomorrow... until you find...  Let me ask you a question -- have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time?
Will it?
More questions. Always the explorer. If you stay long enough, that'll change.
An apprentice for thirty years.  We've noticed your people's mental discipline. Did that develop here?
This is a school... that's a student's work.  She'll be ready to become an apprentice soon. Then, in thirty or forty years, she'll take her place among the artisans...
The craftsmanship is extraordinary.
You give me more credit than I deserve. Of course, I'm tempted. Who wouldn't be?  But some of the blackest marks in the history of my world have involved the forced relocation of a small group of people to satisfy the demands of a larger one. I'd like to believe we learn from our mistakes. Obviously, some of us haven't.
... who wouldn't be tempted by the promise of perpetual youth? I don't think so.
In defense of offlanders, there are many more like me...
You don't live up to your reputation as an offlander, Picard.
There are days.
But not you.
Most of my people who live that faster pace would sell their souls to slow it down.
We've always known that to survive, we had to remain apart. It hasn't been easy. Many of the young people here want to know more about the offland... they're attracted to stories of a faster pace of life...
Clearly, the architects of this conspiracy have tried to keep it a secret. Not just from you, but from my people as well.  I don't intend to let them.
We've... just begun to.  I suppose you're seventy-five.
There's an unusual metaphasic radiation coming from the planet's rings. It continuously regenerates the cells in our bodies. You must have noticed the effects by now.
I've been shot at... thrown into the lake out of an invisible ship that's come to abduct us all... what's there to panic about?
Don't panic...
To move you off this planet. You go to sleep one night in your village... wake up the next morning in this flying holodeck transported en masse. A week later, maybe a month, you've been relocated on a similar planet without ever realizing it.
Deceive us?
Data, if you were following the boy and discovered this ship...
I know what a hologram is, Captain. The question is -- why would someone want to create one of our village?
Then you must spend your life answering questions.
I don't like to leave questions unanswered.
Why?
I understand how you feel. We just want to retrace Data's movements that day...
Capability, yes. But where can warp drive take us, except away from here...?
You have warp capability?
If I were in your shoes, I'd feel the same way after what happened.  The 'artificial lifeform' is a member of my crew. Apparently, he became... ill...
Your directive apparently doesn't include spying on other cultures.
My people have a strict policy of non-interference with other cultures. In fact, it's our Prime Directive.
It's not our custom to have guests here at all, let alone hold anyone against their will.
We were under the impression they were being held against their will.
Bye.
I have to go home now.
It is safer there. I will join you shortly.
No... I want to stay with you...
Tournel will take you the rest of the way...
Anij!
If you want to know 'what it's like to be a child', you need to learn how to play...
No one's ever asked me that before.
Why not...?
Androids... don't have...fun.
Data... haven't you ever just played... for fun?
But I can run much faster than you... I am capable of exceeding forty-seven meters per second...
Because you're it. And if you tag me... then I'm it.
For what purpose?
Chase me!
No, I mean...
I play the violin... and my chess routines are quite advanced...
Do machines ever play?
I would gladly accept the requirement of a bedtime in exchange for knowing what it is like to be a child.
But you've never had adults telling you what to do all the time... or bedtimes... or having to eat food you don't like...
My legs are eighty-seven-point- two centimeters. They were eighty-seven-point-two centimeters the day I was created. They will be eighty- seven-point-two centimeters the day I go off line. My operation depends on specifications that do not change.  I... cannot imagine... the experience of growing up or even tripping over my own feet...
Sometimes I do.
But they are in a constant state of growth. Do you find it difficult to adapt?  A child's specifications are never the same from one moment to the next. I am surprised that you do not... trip over your own feet.
For one thing, your legs are shorter than everyone else's.
Really.
Really?
Perhaps it would surprise you to know that I have often tried to imagine what it would be like to be a child...
I can't imagine what it would be like to be a machine.
My power cells continually re- charge themselves.
Don't you ever get tired?
Perhaps, that is true.
I know why.  So people like us won't be afraid of you any more.
I aspire to be more than I am.
Not everyone here agrees with him. I mean, you know, about machines. There was even a big fight about it once.  Do you like being a machine?
I don't.
I understand.
My father told me I shouldn't talk to you.
I am better.
You're what?
There is no need for concern. I am operating within normal parameters now.
If not for Data, you'd probably have been re-located by now.
The artificial lifeform was right?
To many offlanders, what you have here would be more valuable than gold-pressed latinum.  And I'm afraid it's the reason that someone is trying to take this world away from you.
No.
Won't he rust?
Data doesn't breathe.
Can he breathe under water?
Very good, Doctor. Picard out.
Not at all. They're fine... in fact, they're better than fine. Increased metabolism, high energy, improved muscle tone. We should all be so lucky.
Are they in any danger?
They all have slightly elevated levels of endorphin production... probably the result of the environmental anomalies here...
And our people?
Captain, the Son'a hostages declined to be examined. I had them confined to quarters.
Safer than leaving her here.
Is it safe to move her?
She's stabilizing.
Yes. But look at this medscan...
Will he live?
They should be quarantined before joining the ship's population.
Prepare to transport the 'hostages' to the ship...
Your Captain used to cut quite a rug...
Very funny...
Sure it is. And your hair is still chestnut brown.
'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar size is exactly the same as it was at the Academy.
You either need a new uniform or a new neck.
I believe it is safe, sir.
Will the structure hold if we blast through?
I'm showing fresh air  behind this calcite formation, Captain...
Another forty-three people reported taken, sir...
How many?
Good. Let's begin to move these people out...
Captain, I've activated transport inhibitors around the village...
I don't know.
Why would the Federation or the Son'a wish to move the Ba'ku?
What possible purpose could a duplicate village have except... to deceive the Ba'ku...
... it is conceivable I was shot to protect the secret of its existence.
What you're seeing is a computer driven image created by photons and forcefields...
Incomplete, I might add.
'Just a few loose ends to tie up.'
It is clearly Federation in origin, Captain.
A ship,
How about a passive radiation scan?
Tricorder functions are limited due to heavy deposits of kelbonite in these hills...
And I do not believe I made a very good first impression.
Until this week, that young man probably never saw a  machine, let alone one that walks and talks...
... I am the personification of everything they have rejected.
It's nothing personal data. You have to remember these people have rejected technology. And you...
I believe the boy is... afraid... of me.
I was in an isolation suit collecting physiometric data on Ba'ku children. My last memory is going into the hills, following a boy...
From the mission...
'his nose should pant and his lip should curl...'
What's the last thing you remember, Data...
Yes... that looks like them.
You're aboard the Enterprise.
Captain, Geordi...?
Hello, Data...
If you begin the procedure while the planet is still populated, the Federation will pursue you until...
I do not take orders from you.
It is over.
It is not over.
We're taking this ship out of here... this mission is over...
In six hours, every living thing in this system will be dead or dying.
You're not going to launch anything until...
Picard's first officer. Do you really believe he'll listen?
I'll order Riker to turn around.
Federation support, Federation procedures, Federation rules... look in the mirror, Admiral... the Federation is old... in the last twenty four months, it's been challenged by every major power in the quadrant -- the Borg, the Cardassians, the Dominion... they all smell the scent of death on the Federation. That's why you've embraced our offer... because it will give your dear Federation new life. Well, how badly do you want it, Admiral? Because there are hard choices to be made now. If the Enterprise gets through with news about their brave Captain's valiant struggle on behalf of the defenseless Ba'ku, your Federation politicians will waver, your Federation opinion polls will open a public debate, your Federation allies will want their say... need I go on?
That is not an acceptable option. If people get hurt, all the support we have in the Federation...
Talk... we should send down an assault team and take them by force.
Take me down. Let me talk to Picard.
He's right. Our shields have been upgraded to protect against the environmental anomalies...
It isn't safe for you to remain in this area.
I know what Data means to Starfleet, Jean-Luc... but our crew is at the mercy of those people on the planet...
Your android has turned dangerously violent, Captain... Considerable damage was done to my ship. He must be destroyed.
I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation...
Your self-restraint puzzles me, Admiral. You continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer...
Another time.
Take us into a high orbit.  Lie down, Admiral. The girls will take twenty years off your face...
Planet's population. Six hundred people. You want to avoid unnecessary risks? Next time leave your android home.
Our procedures were in place to protect the planet's population from unnecessary risk...
Your Federation procedures have made this mission ten times as difficult as it needed to be...
There's nothing further to be gained from this...
I wonder... which one of us will be facing that court-martial...
If a court-martial is the only way to tell the people of the Federation what happened here, then I welcome it.
Order them to surrender, and I promise you won't be court- martialed.
How many people would it take... before it becomes wrong? A thousand? Fifty thousand. A million?
We are only moving six hundred people, Jean-Luc.
We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation.  This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history.
The Ba'ku.
It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides, they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would?
Then the Son'a can establish a separate colony on this planet until we do...
Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this.
Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology.
The concentration in the rings is what makes the whole damned thing work. Don't ask me to explain it. I only know they inject something into the rings that starts a thermolytic reaction. After it's over, the planet will be unlivable for generations.
There are metaphasic particles all over The Briar Patch. Why must this planet be...
With metaphasics, lifespans will be doubled... an entire new medical science will evolve...  I understand your Chief Engineer has the use of his eyes for the first time in his life... would you take his sight away from him?
Someone probably said the same thing about the Romulans a century ago.
On Earth, petroleum once turned petty thugs into world leaders. Warp drive transformed a bunch of Romulan thugs into an empire. We can handle the Son'a, I'm not worried about that...
Our partners are nothing more than petty thugs.
Right. We have the planet and they have the technology -- a technology we can't duplicate. You know what that makes us? Their partners.
A planet in Federation space...
There are six hundred people down there. We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions.  The Son'a have developed a procedure to collect the metaphasic particles form the planets rings...
Who are we to decide the next course of evolution for these people?
The Prime Directive doesn't apply. These people are not indigenous to this world. They were never meant to be immortal. We'll simply be restoring their natural evolution.
How can there be an order to abandon the Prime Directive...?
I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council.
... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world.  I won't let you move them, Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council...
That's why we put chromodynamic shields in place - so our people wouldn't feel the effects from the metaphasic radiation...
Your "Briar Patch" turned out to be more hospitable than I expected.
You're looking well, Jean-Luc. Rested.
Just a few loose ends to tie up. Dougherty out.
You're not finished here?
I'll need all your paperwork tomorrow. We're heading back your way. Set a course to rendezvous with us so you can transfer the crew and equipment on your way out.
In stasis. La Forge is completing the diagnostic.
You've done a terrific job, Jean- Luc. Now, pack your bags and get the hell out of there. How's Data?
... and because they have warp capabilities, the consequences to their society are minimal...
Good luck. Dougherty out.
Understood.
All right. You have twelve hours, Captain. Then I want you out of The Briar Patch. In the meantime, we'll be heading out to the perimeter to call for Son'a reinforcements in case you fail.
Sir, Commander Worf and I have been working on several tactical plans to safely...
I wish I had better news. Commander Data attacked us in the mission scout ship yesterday. Ru'afo and I have decided to send in an assault team...
This was too important for the Enterprise to be on the sidelines, Admiral...
Captain, I wasn't expecting you.
We haven't fully identified the anomalies yet. They're calling this whole area The Briar Patch... it took us a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you. Just get me Data's schematics. I'll keep you informed.  Dougherty out.
What kind of concerns?
That's probably not a good idea. Your ship hasn't been fitted for this region; there are environmental concerns...
The Enterprise can be at your position in two days, Admiral...
... And now he's holding our people hostage down there...
You have no idea what precipitated his behavior?
Scan for lifesigns.
The countdown control has been transferred to the collector...I can't override...
What if he doesn't realize something's happening...  Can you get me to a transmitter? I have to speak with Worf and Data on the surface... we'll need their help...
It doesn't matter where he is. As soon as he realizes something is happening, he'll override my commands with one word at his com- link...
If we could lure him away from the bridge...
But I would need at least three minutes on the bridge.
Do you know how to disable the injector?
What you're asking me to do... is impossible... the crew is loyal to Ru'afo...
I'm not begging for my life. I'm begging for yours.  There is still a way home, Gal'na.
Is this how a Federation officer begs for his life?
A coward... without the moral courage to stop an unspeakable atrocity. You offend me.
Thank-you for reminding me.
The shields in that section won't protect them against the thermolytic reaction...
Separate the Starfleet personnel and secure them in the aft cargo hold... see that Picard joins them...
No one hated them more than you, Gal'na.  We've come a long way together. This is the moment we've planned for so many years...
Moving them is one thing. Killing them all...
Deploy the collector.
May I talk to you alone?
Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for diner. Deploy the collector.  Do you have a problem with those orders?
We'd have to tag every one of them... that would take time... and we don't have it. The Enterprise is only nineteen hours from communications range with the Federation...
There is an alternative to an all- out assault. Isolinear tags would allow our transporters to lock on to them.
Recommendations?
They're following the kelbonite deposits... using the interference to block our transporters...
We're not waiting until morning... take the shuttles and get everyone off the surface tonight.
Sir, as the Enterprise left orbit, one of their support craft went down to the surface.  It appeared to be the Captain's Yacht. Five persons on board.
The injector performs perfectly in every simulation...
I'm sure. Just don't forget what they did to us.  We'll have them rounded up in a day or two... we needn't bother with the Federation holo-ship any more. Just get the holding cells ready.
No, sir. But it wasn't easy... being among them...
Gallatin! So the righteous Starfleet Captain finally released you. Did you encounter any problems on the surface?
It may not last after we leave. If not, I just wanted, before we go...  I've never actually seen a sunrise.
... had regenerated.
Funniest thing, Captain. There wasn't anything wrong with my implants. There was something right with my eyes. When Doctor Crusher removed the ocular connections, she found the cells around my optic nerves...
It's nothing. I'm just tired.
Implants bothering you?
And yet he attacked us. And told the Ba'ku we were a threat...
In a sense, that's all he knew. The system is designed to protect him against anyone who might try to take advantage of his memory loss.
So, you're saying he still knew the difference between right and wrong.
His ethical and moral subroutines took over all of his basic functions...
Fail-safe?
All I know is that he was functioning normally until he was shot. Then, his fail-safe system was activated...
Why would they fire at him without provocation?
I don't believe it happened that way.
The Son'a reports claim they didn't fire until after he malfunctioned.
By a Son'a weapon.  There's no doubt about it, sir. That's what made Data malfunction.
Do you know how they were damaged?
I took these out of Data's neural net... they contain memory engrams...
When I was an ensign, I could detect a three-micron mis- alignment...
The torque sensors are out of alignment... by twelve microns... you could hear that?
Do you have everything you need from command?
We're about to lose communications with Starfleet, Captain.
Are they...?
They... are in opposite directions, sir...
I want our guests to depart as quickly a etiquette allows. I'll ask Worf to delay his return to DS9 so he can join us. We're going to stop by sector four-four- one on our way to the Goren system.
Detonating the warp core might neutralize the cascade... but then again it might not. Subspace weapons are unpredictable. That's why they were banned.
That's your expert opinion?
You got me, Commander.
Will that stop the tear?
I'll be in Engineering.
If we don't outrun them, the manifolds are going to be the only thing left of this ship.
The manifold can't handle full impulse in the Patch, Commander.
Full impulse.
I think it's the universal greeting when you don't like someone.
A photon torpedo.  Isn't that the universal greeting when communications are down?
Even if it doesn't, they'll be teaching kids as the Academy not to do this for years to come.
If it works you mean.
I wouldn't be surprised if history remembers this as the Riker Maneuver...
The purpose being...?
Negative. I want to use the ramscoop to collect as much of it as we can...
Aye, sir. Highly volatile...I recommend we keep our distance...
Eject the core.
Options?
We're pulling it like a zipper across space...
It's our only way out of here, Mister Nara.
Commander, if one of their weapons hits that gas...
The purpose being I intend to shove it down the Son'a's throat.
Eject the core.
The tear is closing on us... impact in fifteen seconds...
On screen.
Sir, they've detonated an isolytic burst... a subspace tear is forming...
Why not?
I don't think they believe us.
Blow out the ramscoop. Stand by full thrusters.
They're powering their forward weapons array.
We're through running from these bastards.
We're still thirty-six minutes from transmission range, sir.
Remind me to lodge a protest...
I thought subspace weapons were banned by the Khitomer Accord...
Yes, we do.  You're relieved, Ensign. Take over at Ops.
Cometary debris, pockets of unstable metreon gas... we don't want to go in there, sir...
What's inside that nebula cluster?
Eighteen minutes...
How long 'til they reach us?
Commander, I'm showing two Son'a ships on an intercept course.
Top level review, my ass. There'll be no cover-up of this. Not after I get...
The Council has ordered a halt to the Ba'ku relocation while they conduct a top-level review.
Fat chance. I'll post it on every monitor on the ship...
There's a short letter I left you all, just some... sentimental nonsense... the computer will bring it to your attention at oh- four-hundred... I'd just as soon you delete it...
Go back to your quarters  That's an order.
You must be planning on doing some hunting.
Aye, sir.
Prepare the ship for departure at oh-seven-hundred hours.
You Klingons never do anything small, do you...
Deck five.
We're not going anywhere.
Admiral Dougherty wants to know why we haven't left yet...
The only unusual readings were low levels of metaphasic radiation from interstellar dust across the region...
So where are the 'environmental concerns' the Admiral was talking about?
Nothing dangerous turned up in the astrometric survey...
We won't be able to go any faster than one-third impulse in that muck...
... and gorgonzolla cheese.
Commander Riker...
Who is it?
Deck ten.
'Yew-cheen chef-faw.'
... so they need us to put out one more brush fire.  Anyone remember when we used to be explorers?
The Diplomatic Corps is busy with Dominion negotiations.
We can't delay the archaeological expedition to Hanoran Two. It would put us into the middle of monsoon season...
They need us to mediate some territorial dispute...
I'm afraid there's too much bitterness... on both sides.
Ask them.
I wish there was a way to bring them back home.
Actually, I was a good deal older when we arrived... in terms of my physical condition.
You've not aged a day since then?
We came here from a solar system on the verge of self- annihilation... where technology had created weapons that threatened to destroy all life. A small group of us set off to find a new home... a home that would be isolated from the threats of other worlds.  That was three hundred and nine years ago.
As you wish. But I would ask you to disarm yourselves. This village is a sanctuary of life.
No, we're here to... rescue them.
Would you like something to eat?
Jean-Luc Picard... my officers Doctor Crusher and Counselor Troi.
My name is Sojef, Captain.
I understand. Tell Doctor Crusher to have a hypospray of lectrazine ready...
We're coming as fast as we can... we can't risk using phasers...
Worf, you must hurry...
We're trying to get to you, sir...
Yes... yes, I... can hear you...
Worf to Picard...
We'll skip the court martial this time... Picard out.
I... I must have slept through my alarm. I'm on my way...
Slow to impulse. We're on our way.
Bridge to Captain Picard. We are approaching sector four-four-one.
Is there any other way to disable the injector?
Negative. He's established a security field around the control room...
Can you beam him off?
One. It's Ru'afo.
Decloak the holo-ship and engage a tractor beam, Mister Worf.
All injector sub-systems are confirmed off-line.
We have to find shelter...
Isolinear tags. Their transporters can lock onto them.
Very well. We'll take an hour. Break out some rations...
The Ba'ku could use some rest, sir. According to the geo-scan, this may be the safest area for the next few kilometers...
Accelerated hair growth is often experienced by Klingons during Jak'tahla...
You need a haircut, Commander.
No. We'll be responsible for that, Mister Worf.
Should I distribute phasers to the Ba'ku, sir...?
Picard to Crusher...
Doctor Crusher asked to talk to you when you returned...
Gorch?
No, sir. It is a gorch.
Debrief them again.  Have you been in a fight, Commander?
No, sir...
Did any of the hostages mention a cloaked ship during their debriefings?
Transferring controls to manual.
The damping sequencer was damaged by phaser fire!
I'm not letting go of him.
Sir, inertial coupling is exceeding tolerance... if we don't release him, he may destroy both vessels...
They're composers, Worf, from the nineteenth century. Data was rehearsing a part in H.M.S. Pinafore before he left...  "A British tar is a soaring soul, As free as a mountain bird, His energetic first should be ready to resist A dictatorial word..."
No, sir. I haven't had a chance to meet all the new crew members since I've been back...
Do you know Gilbert and Sullivan?
Evasive maneuvers... heading one- four-zero mark three-one...
Scanners are off line!
Prepare to enter the atmosphere... we'll use the ionospheric boundary to shake him...
He's activated a transport inhibitor.
Beam him out!
Direct hit. He's resetting his shield harmonics...
Make it so.
Sir, if we fire a tachyon burst, it may force him to reset his shield harmonics. When he does, we could beam him out...
Hmm? Oh, it's just something my mother used to...
Sir?
Come out, come out wherever you are...
The metaphasic radiation in those rings is in a state of extreme flux. Steer clear of them, Mister Worf...
He might be using the planet's rings to mask his approach.
Transmit a wide band co-variant signal. That'll get his attention.
Sensors are not picking up any ships coming from the surface...
It's good to have you back, Worf.  Slow to one-third. Take us in.
I've already modified a tricorder with one of his spare actuation servos. Its operational range is only seven meters but it should shut him down...
Worf, what the hell are you doing here?
Captain...
They have an incredible clarity of perception, Captain. I've never encountered a species with such mental discipline...
Counselor?
You have two days to become experts... Mister Worf, your job and mine will be to find a plan to safely capture Data.
We've downloaded all the files on the duck blind mission as well as intelligence reports on the Son'a.
Better have the chef whip up a light balsamic vinaigrette... something that goes well with chrysanthemums...
Oh, my God, are they vegetarians? That's not in here...
Yew-cheen chef-faw... emphasis on the 'cheen' and the 'faw'...
Say the greeting again...
... Population three hundred million...
And have you noticed how your boobs have started to firm up?
All hands. Battle stations!
I never kissed you with a beard before.
Augh?
Augh.
On this ship, anything can happen. And usually does.
What I need, I can't get from Doctor Crusher...  Counselor, do you think it's possible for two people to go back in time to fix a mistake they've made?
... Doctor Crusher has something that'll take care of that...
... I'm not sleeping well...
... I believe you...
Both.  I think I'm having a mid-life crisis...
You're in quite a mood today.
Or you could try lying down.
Why don't you try sitting up?
But it's comfortable.
This isn't one of the usual therapeutic postures...
Whatever makes you comfortable...
Got a minute? I... need a little counseling.  First time for everything. Do I... lie down... or what?
Come in.  Hi.
If that's true, they're a dying race.
No children?
It says here that some form of genetic damage has apparently prevented the Son'a from procreating...
Was I doing something to your neck?
What you're doing to my neck...
What...?
You haven't done that in a long time...
Good question.
Why would we be involved with these people?
You're in luck... it says here they've taken women from several races as indentured servants.
Hmm, I should feel right at home with them...
Nomadic, collectors of precious metals, jewels...
You should feel right at home with them.
Wine, women and song.
What are they interested in...?
I don't see anything to suggest the Son'a have any interest in sociology...
"Environmental concerns", again. An android could be safely exposed to the elements during the installation of a duck blind...
Why was Data assigned?
The Son'a discovered an M-class planet with humanoid life six months ago. Turned out it's in us to get approval for a sociological study. The Federation Council suggested it be a joint mission...
Isolate one and re-route its command sequence through the auxiliary processor...
They must have been locked and secured after we were beamed here.
This ship is equipped with fourteen long range transporters... are they all useless...?
All ship functions are off-line.
Your scanners must be malfunctioning.
Sir, I am not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels...
Exactly as the simulations predicted...
Activating injector assembly.
Initiate launch sequence.
