I'll bear it in mind, Admiral. I think that's all.
The longer we wait, the less accessible the hostages will be, Mr. President.
I'd prefer not to be the President to push the button if I can avoid it.
At present I'm awaiting a full report from Enterprise. Pending that I am constrained to observe Interstellar Law.
Mr. President we cannot allow Federation citizens to be abducted.
Admiral Donald...Bill...
Mr. President.
That's the question -
Or not to be -
We WERE beginning to hit our stride together, doctor...
Pity they're retiring us just as I was starting to understand you, Spock...
Thank you, nurse. Jim, she's ready! Lock and load!
Calm yourself, doctor, the operation is almost complete...
We DO sleep lying down.
Spock, that was actually funny.
Vulcans sleep lying down...
Bet you wish you'd stood in bed...
Fascinating...
You may need assistance, doctor...
I'm going to perform surgery on a torpedo - you never know...
The charge is murder.
I believe the operation is over.
I'm going too. They may need a doctor.
Good luck, Captain.
To be -
And the good news is they're not going to prosecute.
Time we got underway ourselves, gentlemen.  Once again, we've saved civilization as we know it.
Come on...
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
Killed trying to escape - it's a classic...
Damned clever if you ask me...
She didn't need our help getting anywhere... where did she get these convenient clothes? And don't tell me that flare is standard prison issue...
ARE YOU CRAZY?
Spock's looking for us...
If they're even looking for us...
Once we're beyond the shield they should be able to pick it up two sectors away.
That cunning little Vulcan...
It's the viridium patch Spock slapped on my back right before we went aboard Gorkon's ship.
No way.  You see this?
Jim, leave me - I'm finished...
Don't remind me.
What kind of creature is this? Last night you two were spooning -
More than ever.
Still think we're finished?
What is it with you, anyway?
Well, if you've got any bright ideas, now's the time to -
Uh uh. Somebody felt much worse. And I'm starting to understand why.
Well, don't be too hard on yourself - we all felt exactly the same -
No more neutral zone. I was USED to hating Klingons... that's why I failed in our assignment.  It never even occurred to me to take Gorkon at his word. Spock was right.
Specifically of...?
Some people ARE afraid of the future; of what MIGHT happen;  I was frightened, really frightened.
Are we playing multiple choice?
I didn't mean this future.
That was the general idea I intended to convey.
Bones, are you afraid of the future?
- <U>Kobayashi Maru</U>...
Speak for yourself. One day... one night...
We're not finished.
Three months till retirement. What a way to finish.
Suppose HE'S holding a grudge?
Bones, why don't you see what you can do? Let them know we're not holding a grudge.
We've been set up all along.
Figures.
What's the Brotherhood of Aliens?
Thanks...
Chancellor Gorkon, can you hear me? Chancellor...?
No!
Jim, I don't even know his anatomy.
Can you - ?
Sweet Jesus...! He's lost a lot of whatever this stuff is...
I wish I knew. Uhura?
What the Hell's going on?
You heard the order, Lieutenant.
Uh, Jim...
If they did we'd all have to turn ourselves in. How CAN we rely on them?
They don't arrest people for having feelings.
In space, no one can hear you sweat.
Too bad we can't SMELL her.
Captain, shall we attempt to return fire?
This is fun...
Now there's a poser.
Captain, when we get to Camp Khitomer, how will we defend ourselves? I mean, if this new Bird of Prey can fire while she is invisible...?
Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of "exploration"...
We're explorers not diplomats!
And perhaps with a large step or two. Like a peace treaty.
Perhaps with a few small steps at a time. Like this one.
The Chancellor herself will testify that the defendant's hands shook.
I tried to save him! I was desperate to save him! He was the last best hope in the universe for real peace.
You were incompetent! - whether deliberately or as a result of age combined with drink this court will determine.
I was nervous -
You say you are due for retirement. May I ask: do your hands shake?
I didn't have the knowledge of Klingon anatomy I needed.
Have you saved patients as "barely" alive as he was?
Barely.
Was Chancellor Gorkon alive when you first examined him?
Ah. I believe you also consumed Romulan ale at the officers' mess on the night of question, Doctor?
Retire.
Stand...?
For 27 years I have been Ship's Surgeon and later Chief Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise. In three months I'm due to stand down.
Aside from a touch of arthritis, I'd say pretty good.
Doctor McCoy, what is your current medical status?
Then let me help!
We were until your torpedoes!
Are you carrying a surgeon?
I thought I would assume a pleasing shape.  We're outside the shield. Now it's your turn, Kirk.
I don't wonder. Stop me if I'm wrong but do we really have any way of knowing if this is the real you?
It takes a lot of effort.
That's a comfort...
They'll respect him now...
I don't mind. Smuggling. Guilty. I come from Arc. Smuggling is an ancient and respected trade there.
What are you in for, if you don't mind me asking?
They'll make it look like an accident...
I don't believe we can get more out of the way than this.
Your honors, the State rests.
As Captain I am responsible for the conduct of the crew under my command.
So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - ?
I am.
Captain Kirk, are you aware that under Federation law, the Captain of a Starship is considered responsible for the actions of his men?
I cannot confirm or deny actions which I did not witness.
You deny that your men beamed aboard KRONOS One and shot the Chancellor?
Well, I -
You deny Enterprise fired on KRONOS One?
And you were obeying or disobeying orders the night you arranged the assassination of Chancellor Gorkon?
I have on occasion disobeyed orders.
For insubordination.
Yes.
You were demoted...
Those words WERE spoken by me.
Louder, please. We cannot hear you.
Yes...
Spoken by you?
Yes.
Are those your words?
That, either as an instrument of Federation policy or acting on your own drunken initiative, you and your fellow conspirators crippled KRONOS One and cold-bloodedly assassinated the Chancellor of the High Council. Then you and Doctor McCoy went aboard to make certain the job was complete.
That isn't true...!
And now we come to the architect of this tragic affair, Captain James Tiberius Kirk. I put it to you, Captain, that you were seeking revenge for the death of your son.
That we fired two photon torpedoes. But -
And what did they tell you?
I checked the data banks, yes.
Did you have occasion to refer to your ship's data banks during that night?
There... were no other ships in the sector.
And you still maintain your ship did not fire on Kronos One? Would you have known if she had? Come now, Captain. The record clearly there were no other ships in the sector.
The drink WAS served...
Isn't it a fact that you served Romulan ale, a beverage illegal in the Federation because of its overwhelming potency?
What?
Take them away.
He just tried to save him!
Under article 184 of Interstellar Law, I place you both under arrest. You are charged with assassinating the Chancellor of the High Council.
How can I trust --
He's a DOCTOR!
You crippled our gravitational field with a direst torpedo hit, and two Starfleet crewmen beamed aboard in magnetic boots and did this! WE HAVE WITNESSES!
WHAT HAPPENED?
You feign ignorance?
My God, what happened here?
I beg your pardon?
"To be or not to be, that is the question" which preoccupies our people, Captain Kirk. We need BREATHING room...
Very much.
Would you care to go topside?
I'm not sure how to take that.
I've always wanted to meet you, Captain.
Second star to the right - and straight on till morning...
Course heading, Captain?
Aye, sir; thrusters...
Mr. Chekov, slow down. Take us forward, thrusters only, one quarter impulse power.
Aye, sir; thrusters...
Mr. Chekov, take us forward, thrusters only, one half impulse power...
Shields up. Battle stations.
Shields. Battle stations.
Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it, we're ashes...
But if she's cloaked...
She's here - somewhere.
She's only a cog in the wheel - no way she knows that.
Where IS the conference?
Who else?
From Starfleet?
First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins.
Get close enough to a man and you can kill him on "Stun" without setting off the alarm - of course you can't get rid of the body...
Torpedo bay! DID we fire those torpedoes?
Captain, if they fire at us with our shields down --
Uhura, monitor!
Torpedo room--?
I know what you mean...
Just the size of my head -
Full diplomatic courtesy, Mr. Chekov...
Captain, you're not going to show them the bridge??
Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock?
Where is Mr. Sulu?
She programmed the torpedo hits?
You must have cursed yourself, for having programmed our data banks, Lieutenant. Only they revealed something wrong aboard Enterprise.
Quite right, Mr. Chekov. What is now required is a feat of linguistic legerdemain - and a degree of intrepidity. Before the Captain and Doctor McCoy freeze to death.
Mr. Spock, Rura Penthe's deep in Klingon territory. If we're discovered...
ALL uniforms?
Now we expand our search to include uniforms.
Now we go to Starfleet?
This is the first evidence that corroborates our theory.
They must have walked through it when it was floating and tracked it back here.
Klingon blood.
You tell them, Lieutenant.
What ARE we searching for, Mr. Spock?
You're forgetting something.  the data banks say WE fired. If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way, what we're searching for is here...
Shields up, Captain --?
They're preparing to fire.
Is that wise, sir? I mean, given their situation -  Aye, sir.
Send to commander Enterprise: "We stand ready to assist you. Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior." Attach our co-ordinates.
Are you kidding?  Send to Starfleet Command...
Do we report this, sir?
An INCIDENT?
Onscreen.
Captain, I'm getting a message from Klingon High Command.
Mr. Valtane, any more data?
Aye, sir.
We must do this again soon.
Thank you, Captain Kirk. The evening has been most... edifying.
This cannot be easy for you, Captain...  I would feel awkward if I had to give you a tour of OUR vessel...
Starfleet's been charting and cataloging planetary atmospheres. All vessels are equipped with chemical analytic sensors...
Your research laboratory is most impressive...
Commander, face to face at last.. you have my thanks..
Chancellor, may I present Commander Spock, whom I believe you know, Dr. Leonard McCoy, chief medical officer, Montgomery Scott, chief engineer...
I shall look forward to it.
We'll make arrangements to have you beamed aboard at 1930 hours.
We'd be delighted to accept your gracious invitation.
Uh, would you and your party care to dine this evening aboard Enterprise with my officers as guests of the United Federation of Planets?
Thank you, Captain.
Chancellor. We've been ordered to escort you through Federation space to your meeting place on Earth.
This is KRONOS One. I am Chancellor Gorkon.
Not me, idiot - HIM!
Kill him! He's the one!!
What took you so long?
I like it here...
Isn't it about time you became something else?
They'll be here...
Your friends are late...
Good enough for one - two would look suspicious... killed while attempting escape... now that's convincing for both.
An accident wasn't good enough...
Give a girl a chance, Captain.
I've heard of chameloids - "Shapeshifters" - I thought you were mythical.
Candidate for what?
I can't make it alone. You're the likeliest candidate to come to this god-forsaken place in months.
Possibly.
Getting outside the shield is easy. After that it's up to you to get us off the surface before we freeze. Can you?
Where do we come in?
I know how to get outside the shield.
It IS possible.
Except us.
Listen. No one has ever escaped from Rura Penthe.
There's gotta be a way out of this place...
When whoever it is makes their move, you won't be here to ask if he's the one.
Anything else you want to tell me?
That's not his knee.  Not everybody keeps their genitals in the same place, Captain.
Don't you know? Everyone on Rura Penthe is here for life.
How much time's left of your sentence?
Of course not. Anyway, somebody up there wants you out of the way.
We didn't kill Gorkon.
We don't get many presidential assassins.
There's a reward for your death.
How did you know...?
Krandog aranty.
Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him, anyway.
And your coat.
He's got it.
He wants your obedience to the Brotherhood of Aliens.
WHO ELSE...?
This is incredible -
Aye, sir.
Stand DOWN, Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order.
Captain, if --
Stand down your weapons.
Energize...
Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed...
You hear that?
Just the prototype.
Starfleet will be around long enough for me to convene a Court Martial on this ship, Lieutenant. Win, lose or draw it will be on your record.
I won't allow Starfleet to be dismantled over some Klingon promises.
Who is "US?"
Uhura, signal our surrender.
Captain, our shields -- !
Mr. Chekov, anything unusual?
Sir?
Saavik, you know anything about a neutron energy surge?
Captain.
I hope you're happy.
Right standard rudder, Z plus five degrees...
Uhura, hailing frequencies. Right standard rudder, bring us alongside...
Only don't try putting words in my mouth.
I always wanted to try that.
You piloted well out of spacedock, Lieutenant -
I gather you are not enthusiastic about the assignment... I don't think many on board are.
Right -
We're almost at the rendezvous - I thought you'd want to know...
Come on, Saavik, you COULD knock -
Sorry -
Aye, sir.
I'm still in the chair, Lieutenant.
Kronos, sir?
Plot a course for Kronos, Lieutenant.
Aye, sir.
Captain, may I remind you that regulations specify thrusters only while in space dock?
Thank you. Lieutenant, one quarter impulse power...
Aft thrusters -
Saavik, sir. We were told you'd need a helmsman -  ... so I volunteered.
As you were. Lieutenant...?
Don't mention it, Captain Kirk.
Thank you, Captain Sulu.
According to my information, today.
When does this conference start?
I'm getting underway now. But you should know, I'm in alpha Quadrant. The chances of my reaching the conference in time are slim.
I'm telling you. Hang on.  How many of those things are there? Come on, Lieutenant, you're charged with murder...
Surely not.
I'm afraid we may need more than that. There's a Bird of Prey on the lookout for us. And she can fire while she's cloaked.
The Conference is at Camp Khitomer, near the Romulan border. I'm sending the exact coordinates on a coded frequency.
Bless you, Sulu.  Where's the peace conference? They're going to attempt another assassination.
I'm sorry, Captain - your message is breaking up.
You understand that by even talking to us, you're violating regulations, Captain.
Standing by, Captain Kirk.
Sulu!
This is Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior.
... is to trust him.
The only way to find out if a man's trustworthy...
Gorkon thought the undiscovered country might mean something else - another kin of life. People can be very frightened of change. I know I was.
I always assumed Hamlet meant death.
But we haven't run out of history just yet.  Your father quoted Hamlet: he called the future - "the undiscovered country"...
Probably trying to figure out why we're reversing, wondering if we detect her.
What's she waiting for?
Make ourselves a target?
Captain, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way; our job is to get to the conference; HER job will be to stop us.
Not yet... Section 4236...
Close enough to beam down?
Spock, you want to know something?
But I am not human. I am only -
Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings -
I SHOULD have been -
Someone said the difference between comic and cosmic is the letter "S." You haven't outlived your usefulness - to me. And you are not responsible just because she is also Vulcan -
Can we two have grown so old and inflexible that we have outlived our usefulness?  Would that constitute a joke?
Gorkon had to die before I understood how prejudiced I was...
I was PREJUDUCED by those achievements.
You couldn't have known she was listening the night I dictated that entry into my log. You were proud of her achievements as a Vulcan.
I too was blind. I knew about HER - and I did nothing. I trusted too much.
I was blind. I couldn't see past the death of my son. I couldn't trust.
The night is young. Anyway, it was logical.  You know, you're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for  rushing in where angels fear to tread. We're both extremists. Reality is probably somewhere in between us.
You were right: it was arrogant presumption that got us into this situation. You might have died.
Are you dining on worms?
The Commander is an old friend of yours.
Why would they give them to us?
I've been dead before. Uhura, raise Excelsior. She ought to have the co-ordinates.
Azetbur has agreed to meet the Federation at a undisclosed location to continue her father's work... the conspirators obviously intend to try again...
What peace conference?
The peace conference.
So, that's it..
The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship.
He was just about to explain the whole damn -
Captain...
Perhaps you're right.
I'M going. You are going to be responsible for getting me out of this. Meantime we're not going to be the instigators of a full-scale war on the eve of universal peace.
I am responsible for involving you in this. I will go.
According to the data bank, we HAVE - twice...
We HAVEN'T fired -
We've fired on the Chancellor's ship -
What the -
From Enterprise?
Curiously it appears to emanate from us.
Where?
We are reading an enormous amount of neutron radiation.
Spock, I'm really tired...
I am uncertain.
What is it?
I'm going to sleep it off. Let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
I don't believe our own conduct will distinguish us in the annals of diplomacy...
Far be it for me to dispute my first officer. Starfleet has always -
I believe the Captain feels that Starfleet's mission has always been one of peace -
The Chancellor is undoubtedly awaiting our signal.
Never been this close.
Congratulations, Lieutenant. That must make you very proud...
Lieutenant, I am pleased to see you.  The Lieutenant is the first Vulcan to be graduated at the top of her class as the Academy.
LET THEM DIE.
They're dying.
DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM -
Jim, there is an historic opportunity here -
I know your father's the Vulcan Ambassador for heaven's sake, but you know how I feel about this: they're animals.
I was asked by my father to open neg-
How could you vouch for me? That's...  ... arrogant presumption -
There's an old Vulcan proverb: only Nixon could go to China.
WE volunteered?
You have personally -
I have personally vouched for you in this matter, Captain.
We have volunteered to rendezvous with the Klingon ship that's bringing Chancellor Gorkon here, and escort him safely through Federation space.
Me?
Not from a distance. She won't show up on ANY type of scan.
Captain, we can't see her, but she gives off heat...
Nothing, Captain. If they're here, they're rigger for silent running.
Uhura?
Who else?
Gorkon's own man??
I'm going aboard. Spock, you have the conn.
It's pretty chaotic over there. There's been some weapons fire and a lot of shouting...
This is Enterprise. We surrender. Repeat  Enterprise surrenders --
WE SURRENDER.
Captain --
This is the Starship Enterprise, Captain James Kirk commanding.
Channel open, Captain.
Control, this is Enterprise requesting permission to depart.
Control tower, reading, Sir.
You've betrayed the Federation - all of you.
Perhaps neither of us was hearing very well that night, Lieutenant. There were things I tried to tell you too - about having faith.
You can't prove any of this...
But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood.
I believe you. Please...
I don't want to.
If you are logical.
An error.
A lie?
I'm having the garbage searched. If my surmise is correct these boots will cling to the killers' necks like Tiberian bats. They couldn't make their escape without them; nor can they simply throw them out a window for all to see; no - they're here. Somewhere.
Suppose when they returned they threw the boots into the garbage?
Even logic must give way to physics. Gravity hadn't been restored by the time they escaped. Without their boots they would not have stayed on the Klingon transporter pads.
We've got a crew of three hundred turning their own quarters inside out,  but the killers may be among them. Surely they've disposed of these boots by now. Wouldn't it have been logical to leave them on Gorkon's ship?
Any progress?
An omission. After that -
A lie?
Very well. For twenty-four hours we'll agree that this conversation did not take place.
Commander Uhura has been experiencing technical difficulties sir.
Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions, have you, Lt?
Not as yet, sir.
Any reply from Starfleet to our dispatch, Lieutenant.
Such things have happened before, sir.
Her own father...?
In the meantime we must endeavor to piece together what happened here tonight. According to our data banks, this ship fired those torpedoes.
How did you - ?
What do you suggest, Lieutenant? Opening fire won't retrieve the Captain; and an armed engagement was precisely what he wished to avoid.
But we can't allow them to be taken back to Kronos as prisoners.
That the universe will unfold as it should.
Faith...?
You must have faith.
I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties, Lieutenant.
Sir, I speak to you as a kindred intellect. Do you not recognize that a turning point has been reached in the affairs of the Federation?
You have done well, Saavik. As your sponsor at the Academy I have followed your career with... satisfaction. And as a Vulcan.
I do not think so. Enterprise has disobeyed orders and harbors two escaped convicts. Admiral Donald will make certain all your ship-to- shore transmissions are jammed.
We can send a message to Starfleet Command -
We are experiencing a technical malfunction. All backup systems inoperative.
In nineteenth century France, workers who felt their livelihood threatened by machines, flung their wooden shoes - called SABOTS - into the gears to stop them. Hence the word SABOTAGE.
We've been ordered to -
Trouble?
Confirmed, Captain!
Direct hit -
No, sir.
You having hearing problems, mister?
Sir?
Signal Starfleet that... we have no idea location of Enterprise.
Apparently they're refusing to acknowledge signal to return to spacedock, sir.
What?
Sorry to wake you, sir, but Starfleet urgently requests any data we may have on the whereabouts of Enterprise.
What's left of it.
Praxis?
... I cannot confirm the existence of Praxis.
What is it?
I have confirmed the location, sir, but...
Essential as a resource. Praxis is their key energy production facility.  Send to Klingon High Command: "This is Excelsior, a Federation Starship traveling through Beta Quadrant. We have monitored a large explosion in your sector. Do <u>you require assistance</u>?"
Negative. The subspace shockwave originated at bearing three-two- three, mark seven-five, the location is...  Praxis. A Klingon moon. Barren of indigenous life forms but -
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower.
Visual!
I have an energy wave from 240 degrees mark six port --
Then it's time we were heading home. Three years is...
Fifty-four planets - and their gaseous atmospheric anomalies. Our sensing and analytic equipment worked well.
According to this we've completed our exploration of the entire sector.
Aye, aye, sir.
They're outside the beaming shield. Mr. Scott, start your engines.
Thank you, Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock, the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear.
- could take weeks, sir.
I believe I am.
They you're talking about a dreadful new engine of destruction, Mr. Spock.
This one can.
A Bird of Prey canna fire when she's cloaked!
Would they?
If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her!
Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us...
Not from us!
There was an enormous neutron energy surge.
They dinna fire on themselves. And there were no other ships present.
I know precisely where he'll be.
Twenty-four hours from now we won't have a clue where the Captain is.
That's hardly conclusive, Mr. Scott, as Klingons have no tear ducts.
They don't place the same value on life that we do, Spock - you know that... take my word: she didn't shed one bloody tear...
Then someone forged a data bank entry.
And if they're still in place?
Nevertheless.
That could take hours!
We'll have to check every one of them, Mr. Scott.
You can check the torpedoes visually, if you like -
I think  not.
A computer canna lie, sir.
Yet the data banks insist we fired: twice. One computer is lying.
It's as I said, Mr. Spock: Inventory still registers every torpedo.
Mr. Scott, you forget yourself. Please accompany me.
NO WAY!
I've already addressed that question, Mr. Scott. We'll e able to follow the Captain's movements.
At least we must keep track of where they are taken, sir. I -
But you didn't join a conspiracy.
They might as well arrest me, too; I felt like Lieutenant Saavik.
Well, what about all that atmospheric equipment we're carrying to catalogue gaseous anomalies?
Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it "Plasma" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas.
Maybe we should write them a letter?
I don't think Starfleet could have envisioned our current predicament.
At present, he's surrounded by a magnetic shield. If my calculations are correct, he should be deep into his escape planning by this time.
You understand that we have lost all contact with Captain Kirk...?
Mr. Scott, any progress on repairing our warp drive?
I've pulled out my - uh wooden shoe and Starfleet is screaming for us to return to port.
I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik, you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards...
Even assuming you're correct, Mr. Spock, why would they fire on their own President?
And they'd be right. We have no evidence - just a theory that happens to fit the facts...
It means that if we cannot have fired those torpedoes then someone else did.
What exactly does that mean?
An ancestor of mine maintained that if you eliminate the impossible whatever remains - however improbable - must be the truth.
He's placing himself in a most awkward position...
Sulu's giving us his position and telling us he's standing by...
Yes, sir.
I assume command of this ship as of  0130 hours. Uhura, send to Starfleet HQ. Explain precisely what has taken place, and request instructions.
How do both sides overcome ingrained prejudice?
They're naturally wary, ma'am. We've been at war a long time.
