Good morning.
Oh, you'll have ample opportunity -- ample --  Good morning, Dr. Fettes.
Good.
There, Master Fettes.  Sooner than we had expected.  A stoke of luck one might say.
How could I?  I will do my best. After all, you see, I am financially interested.
But can't you give me any idea?
I fear he may have to.
Of course -- it's the soul of the business -- the pay --
Dr. MacFarlane said I should pay you --
That's right.  Gray, the cabman. I've had a bit of dealing with MacFarlane in the past, you know.
Mr. Gray?
I'm very pleased to know you, Master Fettes.
I'm Donald Fettes.
It is a pity.
Even so, I could never think of going on -- I've got to find some other profession.
It's not the failure. I feel that MacFarlane has taught me nothing. He taught me the mathematics of anatomy but he couldn't teach me the poetry of medicine.
It's not because of Georgina -- because of Dr. MacFarlane's failure?
Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
Good morning, Mrs. Marsh.
Ma'am, is you'll allow me, I'd like to give you cause for courage -- Dr. MacFarlane is a great man -- I think he's the greatest man in medicine.  God would not have given him such gifts if they were not meant for Georgina's cure.
-- pain -- and shock.  She's brave enough, but I don't know about myself.  Now that it seems so close, I wonder if I dare trust my child into any but God's hands. Maybe He knows best.
Yes.
You have his promise, then?
Of course I will.
Ask this one favor --
I didn't mean it that way.  I meant only that I am not in a position to ask favors.
Did he tell you about Georgina?
I don't know that I can do that, Mrs. Marsh.
Georgina told me how kind you were to her.  It gave me hope you might intercede for us with Dr. MacFarlane.
I'm only a student.
I want you to help my little girl.
You asked to see me, ma'am?
And back with MacFarlane and all that he stands for the next day.
At Pennycuik.  I know the inn.  I can be there in an hour.
There's no standing between a fool and his folly. If you must babble your news to him he's at the Fisherman's Tryst. It's the inn at Pennycuik. You can use MacFarlane's horse and gig to get there. He'll welcome the ride back.
But I must tell him -- he must know of it. Please -- tell me where he is.
You don't went to find him. Your news will keep until I tell him.
Where can I find him?
He's not home.
It's a gift to my people -- and I see MacFarlane and Gray-- the pit yawns for them and the flames -- and I would have you away from them and safe out of the torment.--
I've heard of it.
Listen to me, Fettes, I'm one part befuddled with drink, one part over-heels in love with MacFarlane, and one part fey. You're a lowlander, Fettes, and you have no way of knowing what we Highlanders call the second sight.
MacFarlane
That porter was Gray and the gentleman of consequence who couldn't swallow the shame of it -- who took my last paltry savings to hire Gray --
They did not tell you how that porter cried out in the witness box when the Kings Counselor pressed him hard -- how he cried out that he was shielding a gentleman of consequence.
Aye.
And did you hear them speak of the porter who testified against Burke?
I heard my parents speak of it in Thrums. It was a famous case.
Gray has no need to threaten. You remember the trial?
But that's long since.  Gray can't threaten him with that.
If he were only that. The man's evil himself. Some day you'll know him as MacFarlane knows him -- for MacFarlane he was to Knox as you are to him. That brought him close to Gray, he roistered with him and drank with him. Aye, and Gray even brought him to my door and my love. There is all that between them and more -- Burke and Hare and Knox --
But Gray's only a cab driver -- a Resurrection Man who robs graves to make a bit of money now and again.
I'm cold as ice.
You're over-excited, Mistress Cameron.
He could have been a great man -- a good man and a fine doctor, but there was always the shame of the old life and the old ways to hold him back -- and always Gray -- Gray to hound him to his death.
Is it a great man whom Gray can order to his bidding? Is it a great man who for very shame dare not acknowledge his own wife so that I must play maidservant for the world's sake and his success?
He's a great doctor -- a great man --
Save yourself. Master Fettes look at MacFarlane and be warned.
I can't do that -- you heard MacFarlane.
You must leave this house.
Hold that lamp up -- I must see her face.
It was a woman when we put her in.
This is not a woman!
No room there. We'll have to set it between us.
Where shall we put it? In the back?
Why not? I must have subjects. It's the only way I can teach. It's the only way you can learn. The stupidity of the people the idiocy of their laws will not stop no -- nor will they force me to deal with such reptilian creatures as Gray. We can do our own dirty work -- and we must.
No.
I pass up no opportunities, I've a whole course of lectures in mind for you fellows.  We'll need subjects to demonstrate. Come along.
You couldn't do that, Doctor.
Did you think Gray was the only one who could handle a mattock and shovel?  I've had some practice in the art.
You've no thought of going there?
Tosh!  Fettes!  It's not their grief I'm worrying about -- I'm talking of our own end --
They'll be thinking of that, too.
Glencorse -- that's a lonely cemetery, Fettes, not a soul around for miles.
A burial party -- poor people -- it's hard to bury a loved one on a rainy day when the churchyard is so cold and lonely.
See that, Fettes?
Gray -- I'm rid of him --
What?
I know it -- I know it -- The moment I was rid of him --
The little girl -- she couldn't walk far -- the muscles are too weak -- but she did stand and she took a step or two.
What's that you say?
Don't be a fool.  One can't begin and then stop -- and because that entry of the girl's body is in your hand, you'll do as I say. As for me, I'll tend to Gray.
I'll have no more to do with it. I'll not put my neck into the noose, not even for your sake, Dr. MacFarlane.
What do you mean, Fettes?
No.
Fettes, the more things are wrong, the more we must act as if everything were right. You must do with Joseph as you did with, the street singer -- complete dissection -- a proper entry in the book --
Confound me, the child's a cripple, of course she wants to walk.  Child, I say to you get up out of that chair and walk.
But she must want to stand.  She must want to walk.
You can't -- can't!  Stop trying to bribe her with childishness about white horses. Let the child stand and walk -- her spine's all right.  I know it's all right.
That's the way of it, Fettes.  You bring the lassie to me.
I suppose one must pass through this purgatory to the heaven of being a good doctor.
That's only our duty, Fettes -- that's the end at which we aim with all this nasty business.
Dr. MacFarlane, I wonder if you know what happiness you've brought those people.
When she's ready you bring her to me -- I'll show her how.
I've just been to see Mrs. Marsh. Georgina is doing splendidly.  The incision has healed -- clean and fine -- but she doesn't seem to have any desire to walk.
He has his own idea of a joke. Perhaps his horse tickled him in the ribs.
I just saw Gray.  What was he laughing at?
Pulse?
She's unconscious.
Wait, Doctor -- wait!  The child's fainting.
Here is where you must watch closely, gentleman -- closely -- it is the very heart of the matter --
Who would believe that?  And you know, someone else might recognize her.  She was as well known as the Castle Rock.
But, I didn't ask him to kill.
Believe it or not.  It's best for you to pretend that you do.  After all, it was you who ordered this specimen, received it here, and paid for it.  That makes you a party to murder.
I can't believe that.
I don't know that -- neither do you.  This subject may have been an epileptic -- thrown a fit -- fallen out of bed -- cracked her skull and killed herself -- there is everything explained -- the bruise on her head --
Grave robbing is one thing -- this is murder.
I wouldn't do that, Fettes.  I wouldn't report it.
I am sure.  I mean to report it. It's like Burke and Hare all over again.
We can't be sure of that.
Gray killed her.
Well --
This girl was beautiful -- a wild lassie from the Highlands.
Every street singer with a cracked voice gives tongue to that one.
Now you run off and see that pretty Mrs. Marsh and explain to her.
Yes, I suppose so.
You see, it is completely out of the question.
Wilmont used up the last spinal section.
Look here, Fettes.  Not I nor anyone else knows enough about the spinal column and its intricacies to insure success in such an operation.  I would have to study the matter.  Have we any "subjects"?
But you did promise.
Really, Fettes, you irk me with your lack of understanding.
But I -- well, you see, sir, I met Mrs. Marsh and told her.
You're a man of the world, Fettes, you wouldn't hold me to promise given in drink.
It was about last night I wanted to talk to you -- about the operation on the little Marsh girl.
So she told me.  I'm a teacher -- not a practitioner.
She came again today.  She wanted me to ask you if you would not break your rule and operate.  She feels you are her only hope.
I remember her.
Dr. MacFarlane -- you remember the lady who came to see you yesterday -- the lady with the little girl?
I'm sorry for the woman, Fettes. But her son might be alive today had more doctors been given the opportunity to work on more human specimens.  As for me, Fettes, I let no man stop me when I know I'm right -- when I know that I need those lifeless subjects for my student's enlightenment and for my own knowledge.  And if you're a real man and want to be a good doctor, you'll see it as I see it.
But this woman -- and her son --
Not if I have to be party to things like that, Dr. MacFarlane.
And that's why you don't want to be a doctor, Fettes?
I saw the woman whose son's body was delivered last night.
What the devil do you mean?  You have your lodgings, a certain stipend -- I thought I had arranged everything for you --
I don't think I can go on, sir.
From the Municipal Council -- they're the bodies of paupers --
You know how we get the specimens we use for dissection?
Richardson is a fine student.  He's got a glib tongue, but you'll be a better doctor, Fettes.  Come along now --
But Richardson?
Well? And are you not a good student?
I thought only the best students were made assistants.
You're too good a man, Fettes -- I'll not let you quit.  I'll make an assistant of you -- that'll pay your keep and your tuition, too --
I'm afraid I have to, sir.  You see, my father is vicar at Thrums -- it's a small parish -- not much of a living --
You're made for a doctor, young man!
I'm afraid I'll have to give up medicine, Dr. MacFarlane.
Excuse me.
Dr. MacFarlane --
Come -- it's a chance to try out your bedside manner, Fettes.  Take a look at the child.
But, Doctor, I only wanted to speak to you --
Come in, boy -- come in.
Excuse me, Dr. MacFarlane --
I wanted to see the white horse --
You'll not need that again, Georgina.
I am not at the school anymore. I left last night.
I thought this was a school day.
I can't.
Don't you want to find the white horse, Georgina?  You can't find him from a wheelchair.  You have to walk and run to find him.
But you'll have to stand great pain, Georgina.  Greater pain than you ever dreamed of in the worst time of your sickness.  Do you want it that much?
I want it --
Aye, but I still wonder how much.
One shouldn't get used to the wrong things, Georgina.  You want to walk and run and play.
Of course -- I don't have friends. That's because I can't walk.  I try to make myself used to it.
Maybe there's another reason. Maybe you haven't friends enough. Could that be it, Georgina?
He was a nice horse.
Why do you want the white horse to bid you "good-day"?
An old acquaintance, eh?
The white horse.  The horse that is going to greet me when he sees me.
Hear him?
Well --
Why, yes.
What you really want to ask me is about my back, isn't it -- about where it hurts?
You'll be a good doctor.  I know all about doctors.
Not yet.
Are you a doctor, too?
A student.  I'm studying under Dr. MacFarlane -- that is, I've been studying until today --
A doctor?
I'm by way of being a medical myself.
They're uncommon bold, the grave robbers -- and the daft doctors who drive them on.
Not much danger here, ma'am, I wouldn't think -- right here in the heart of Edinburgh.
Your son, ma'am?  He must have been a fine boy for the wee dog to love him so.
He'll not leave the grave -- not since Wednesday last when we buried the lad.
No -- a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man -- a humble man -- and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man -- and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber.
A pleasure to torment me?
Because it would be a hurt to me to see you no more, Toddy. You're a pleasure to me.
But why, Gray? Why?
But then I wouldn't have the fun of having you come here and beg again, Toddy.
Well then -- I beg you -- I beseech you --
Beg -- beg of you! You crawling graveyard rat!
It wouldn't be half so much fun for me. Toddy, as to have you come here and beg --
I would make you rich.
Would you bribe me to leave you be?
What I was going to say is this -- wouldn't you be more comfortable at Leith in a neat little house?
The Resurrection business? That may end sooner than you think. New laws may come.
I have other means of sustenance.
You're getting old, Gray, and it's a hard life driving a cab through these wet and windy streets of Edinburgh --
Another little drop'll never do you any harm.
I've drunk enough tonight.
Have another glass of something good, Toddy.
We have never been friends.
Surely you are not threatening an old friend, Toddy.
I can't understand your hurt to me -- but I must cut you out.
So, Toddy, you've made me a disease, eh?
Gray, I must rid myself of you -- you've become a cancer -- a malignant, evil cancer -- rotting my mind.
You are not to set foot in here again, Gray, for business or any other reason. And you're going out now!
Wait, Toddy. That's not hospitable. I want to discuss business.
Get out of here!
This is a gift you'll not return.
I take no gifts from you.
This is a gift.
I've ordered nothing from you.
I brought you something tonight, MacFarlane -- an interesting specimen -- in very good condition.
Would you grudge me a glass with my old crony, Meg?
What are you going here? Have I not told you --
I have no wish for a rope cravat. I've never liked the smell of hemp, so I'll bid you good night, Doctor MacFarlane.
There is much in what I say, Gray, and if you have any regard for your neck you'll leave now and stay away from my house, my school, and from me.
Aye, Toddy, there is something in what you say.
No, I'm not afraid. Tell! Shout it from the housetops!  And remember this -- they hanged Burke -- they mobbed Hare -- but Dr. Knox is living like a gentleman in London.
I'll tell you what, Toddy. It's because I ran down the streets with the mud and the stones around my ears and the mob yelling for my blood. It's because you were afraid to face it -- and you're still afraid.
Why should I be afraid of you? What are you holding over me?
Here, have another glass, MacFarlane. I'll take you home and we'll be friends again -- now that you know that you're Knox's man and my friend -- aye, forever.
I am a doctor - a good doctor. I could make her walk, but she won't - she won't --
You don't know and you'll never know or understand, Toddy. Not from me or from Knox would you learn those things. Look --
In the brain, I tell you. I know.
But what makes a thought start?
The nerve centers -- the brain --
Did he tell you how thoughts come and how they go and why things are remembered and forgot?
The heart pumps it.
Like Knox taught you? Like I taught you? In cellars and graveyards? Did Knox teach you what makes the blood flow?
I am a doctor. I teach medicine.
And you're a fool, Toddy -- and no doctor. It's only the dead ones that you know.
What are you talking about? I am an anatomist. I know the body. I know how it works.
You can't build life like you put together blocks, Toddy.
The same. Look here, Gray --
Oh, it's the bit of a girl Fettes was talking about.
I set those blocks together, patched the muscles. I put the nerves where they should be -- I did it and I did it right -- and she won't walk --
I've never had it all explained that way to me by so learned a man.
Then you can understand that the backbone is a lot of little blocks and those little blocks are all held together, so that it works like that whip of yours. You know that, don't you?
I've had some experience.
You know something about the human body, Gray.
You're uncommon friendly tonight, Toddy. More like the old days.
Oh, it's you, Gray. Well, come in. Sit down. Have a glass with me.
I suppose we can't prevent that, Gray --  -- for auld lang syne.
You know what you want and don't want -- so that's an end of business between us -- but we'll still be friends, Toddy.  I'll be dropping by to see you and Meg once in a while -- for auld lang syne, you know.
That has nothing to do with it. We've decided to do more lecturing and less dissection -- it's better for the students -- that's all there is to it.
Now that wasn't a friendly thing I heard, Toddy.  Not at all friendly.
Hear him?  Did you ever see the lads play knife?
Don't call me that confounded name, I tell you.
Toddy hates me.
That's a good boy, Toddy.
It might be an interesting case.
Maybe there's some private reason between you and me which will make you -- some long lost friend of ours.  Say that you'll do it for me and my friend, Mr. Fettes, here.
No.
Oh, yes, you will.  You'll do it to oblige Fettes and myself.
I'll not do it, Gray.
I'm not concerned about the child, Toddy.  It's you I'm thinking of, I'd like to see you prove that a lot of things I know haven't hurt Toddy MacFarlane any.
You?  Why?  Since when have you become the protector of little children?
Why don't you do it then?
I am the best man for the job.
Afraid you are not as good a doctor perhaps as you make out to be.
Afraid of what?
You're a teacher, eh?  Maybe you're afraid to be a doctor, Toddy.
You will not have it?
I will not have you use that name to me.
Medicine?  That'll keep.  Sit down.
Mr. Fettes and I have professional matters to discuss.
Well, then, Doctor MacFarlane -- although I've known a time, Toddy, when you liked the name.  Aye, and many are dead now who called you by it; rough and wild ones they were, too.  But come Toddy, sit down here with your young friend.
Don't call me that confounded name.
Come, Toddy -- come.  Sit down here with me.
I'll show you how it was done, Joseph. -- I'll show you how they "Burked" them.
I don't understand the song. Tell me plain how they did it.
"Nor did they handle axe or knife To take away their victim's life -- No sooner done than in a chest They crammed their lately welcome guest."
We could do that. But when he had them there, then what?
"A good-day to you Madame Tosspot, and would you like a little glass of something before you take your rest? Come with me to my house and I'll make you my guest. You shall have quarts to drink if you like."  Ah, how he cozened them.
That was Hare's end. Ah, you should have seen him on the streets, when he saw some old beldam deep in drink how he cozened her!
But where did they get those people?
Eighteen persons they killed and sold the bodies to Dr. Knox at ten pounds for a large and eight pounds for a small. That's good business, Joseph.
I never heard that song. But what did they do?
"The ruffian dogs, the Hellish pair.  The villain Burke, the meager Hare --"
But still you may have heard the peddlers of verse cry out their names on the streets.
I come from Lisbon.
You are lately come to Scotland, Joseph?
Burke them?
No digging Joseph. The churchyards are too well guarded. We will "Burke" them,
You mean we would sell the bodies to the doctors together? Dig them up?
You and I should work together.
No, Joseph. I'm not angry -- here -- another glass of brandy --I'll wager it's better than the doctor's.
I have made you give me money, but you smile. Aren't you angry?
Give me money or I'll tell the police you murder the "subjects."
You say you've come here on your own account?  No one knows you are here?
I know that you kill people to sell bodies.
Only Brother.
Can anyone hear what we say?
Now that is very interesting --  Take a chair, Joseph,
Yes.
You're welcome to my little nest, Joseph -- is it not? That's right -- you have something to say to  me -- something very private.
I know --
What did you hear?
I want to speak to you alone.  I saw something.  I heard.
I presume you shall.  This won't be my last visit here.
Then all my surgery is no good. There's something wrong with the child -- something I don't know -- something I can't define -- can't diagnose.  I can do nothing for her.
She would if she could.
But she must be able to move. Everything is in place.
I'm sorry, Doctor.  Georgina's a good child -- a brave child -- you saw how she was during the operation -- but if she can't move, she can't move.
I'm not heartless, Ma'am.  I have every sympathy for you and for the little girl, but if I were to consent to every operation brought to me, I'd have no time for teaching -- and that's a great responsibility upon me, Ma'am -- a great responsibility.
There's nothing I can say for one small child?
I regret it, Ma'am, but I have the responsibility of training thirty other doctors to attend a thousand children like your own.
But, Doctor, surely in a case like this -- a child -- a little child who can never walk or run --
Believe me, Madame, if I were only a doctor, I would undertake this operation at once.  But I'm more dominie than doctor -- I've a school to run.
Perhaps -- a delicate operation -- an operation which has never been performed -- but it could be performed.  I'm sure it could be -- I could incise the columna dorsi --
But can anything be done for her?
Three years.
How long ago?
A carriage overturned.  My husband was killed and Georgina was hurt.
Child seems to take to the lad. What sort of an accident was it, Ma'am?
See here, child, when you have this pain in your back, where is it?
It comes at intervals.  They used to be months apart -- but they've been growing more frequent --  much more frequent.
Is her pain sporadic or constant?
Yes, Doctor.
Any attacks of pain since?
Nearly a year.
How long after that was the paralysis complete?
No, Doctor.  She seemed to get better, then about six months later she began to complain of pain in her back --
Was the paralysis immediate?
Aye.
You've been with Gray again.
He must leave me alone.
You're not going to Gray.
I'll get him.
Fettes -- where is Fettes?
You can get out.
Crony indeed!
No great lady will ever take my place?
Nonsense.  You're a fey creature with mad ideas.  But you have a wildness that holds me to you, lass.
You may deny the devil, Toddy, but you'll not rid yourself of him by saying the devil is dead.
You're daft.  What's Gray to me. He's only a man from whom I buy what I need when I need it -- the rest is forgotten.
Did it spoil me, Meg, my lass?
Aye --
You think it'll spoil the boy, eh? Was I not assistant to Knox?
Aye.  He's a good lad.  That's why I ask you, MacFarlane.
And why not?  He's a good lad -- bright and able.
