Thank you. It's listeners such as yourself who made me want to get up out of that hospital bed and back into the studio as fast as I could.
Well, that's so good to hear, Artie. You know some of us depend on you down this way. You're so entertainin' and you get so many interestin' guests.
I'm fine, thank you. I had a cardiac infarction but I'm on a new diet and exercising regularly. I've never felt better.
How ya feelin', Artie? I heard you wasn't doin' too well recent.
Yes, ma'am. What's on your almost- perfect mind this evening?
Artie? That you, Artie?
Come in, Montgomery, Alabama.
Real soon... I'll be makin' the swap tomorrow, and thanks again, Beany.
So you're gonna be needin' the "blue- bird" pretty soon?
Can't all husbands be perfect, and your Elmo prob'ly wouldn'ta ever got that second one pregnant, you hadn't kicked his ass out.
I didn't hate me so much, I'd feel better wishin' you luck.
Meetin' him at the gate. That phone call this afternoon was the signal. My deranged mama's hid the keys to my car. But of course, I know exactly where they are.
Yeah, well, if he says that all that flab turns into dick at midnight, he's a liar.
Seein's how you're about as thick as a used string of unwaxed dental floss, don't know how you can criticize.
He's so ugly. Guys with beards and beer guts ain't quite my type.
Why? He's right in the groove.
I can dig this music... But not that singer.
We don't have no paper bags.
I'd just soon have a paper bag rather than a plastic one, if it's same to you.
Then lemme throw in a couple more things.
Yessir.
Y'all take American Express?
This be it?
Sorry, gentlemen. I'm 'most finished on my shoppin' here.
Someday honey, I will... But I have to be goin' now... Conta i no joras...
Fuck me.
Whisper it... Whisper "fuck me"... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper...
Say it!... I'LL TEAR YOUR FUCKIN' HEART OUT, GIRL... Say "fuck me" soft - then I'll leave. Say "fuck me"... Whisper it... Then I'll leave... Say it... Say it - Say it - Say it...
No way... GET OUT!!!
Bobby Peru grab you now... Hold you tight... Feel everythin' in you now... Stay quiet... Say "fuck me" and then I'll leave.
Am I scarin' ya?... Your pussy wet?... Come on... is it?...  Hey, don't jump back so slow... I thought you was a bunny... Bunny jump fast - you jump back slow... Mean somethin', don't it?... Means somethin' to me... Means you want Bobby Peru... You want Bobby Peru to fuck you hard baby - open you up like a Christmas present.
Get out.
You know, I really do like a woman with tits like yours that talks tough and acts like she can fuck like a bunny... Can you fuck like that?... You like it like a bunny?... Huh?... Cause baby, I'll fuck you like a real good like a big ol' jack-rabbit bunny... Jump all around in that hole... Bobby Peru doesn't come up for air.
You used the toilet, now you can go - what I do around here ain't any of your business, that's for sure.
Hey... You gotta smell in this room of puke... You been pukin' in here, little girl? Huh?... You sick?... Pregnant?
I don't mean your head head - I'm not gonna piss on your head - your hair an' all... Just piss in the toilet. Y'all take a listen - here a deep sound comin' down from Bobby Peru.
Well... Yeah - okay.
Man, I gotta take a piss bad... Can I use your head there?
No, he's out changin' the oil in the car.
Hey, pretty woman... Sailor here?
Twenty.
How old are you?
What's Cao Ben?
Panty hose. Work better'n stockin's. Pull one of the legs down over your face and let the other leg trail behind your head. You get the pistol.  Remember, soon as we get inside, you keep that bad boy up where those hicks can see it. Once they notice the Ithaca and the Smith, they'll know we ain't foolin' with 'em.
What is it?
That's right... Take one of these.
Why should it?
She's my girl... She's drivin'... That bother you?
What's she doin' here?
Like takin' candy from a fuckin' baby...
...But DAMN man... This better go smooth.
Yeah... yeah... I guess so... That kind'a money'd get us a long way down that yellow brick road...
Hey... I never said you was a pussy... Always figured you had the big ol' round balls for this kind'a thing... Sure would set you and that pretty little girl up good.
I don't particularly care for that kind of talk, Bobby.
This is easy money, pardner... No ones gonna get hurt in this thing... And I don't think you can afford not to take it... I'll be bringin' the Eldo 'round the front of the motel at ten tomorrow mornin'... If you ain't a pussy - you'll be there.
Forty bucks...
How much money you have between the two a'ya right now?...
Come on outside, I got somethin' to show ya.
Have now.
Don't think about it too long.  You had enough?
I ain't fuckin' sure, Bobby.
Just took a guess is all... You in or out on this deal?
She really say she was pregnant?
Talked to her this afternoon... While you was out.
When did you talk to Lula?
Couple grand or more'd give you two a leg up. Get you to the west coast, Mexico, most anyplace, with a few dollars in your jeans. I got it figured good, Sailor.
Lula tell you she's pregnant?
Well... I mean like Lula bein' in a family way.
Whattaya mean family?
Be easy, Sailor. There's two employees. I take one in the back to open the safe, you keep the other'n covered... You ain't plannin' on raisin' a fam'ly in Big Tuna, are ya?
No... I don't think so, man.
Feed store keeps up to five K in their safe. Need me a good boy for back-up. Even split. You interested?
What's that?
I been studyin' a situation over in Lobo, take two men to handle it.
Why not?
Ready for another?
Wouldn'ta guessed it, that's sure.
Oil, gas, cattle, farmin'. Ain't nobody shows off around here. Iguana County's one of the richest in Texas.
They look like a bunch of good ol' boys to me. I guess it's oil money, huh?
Then you're a member... Three or four millionaires in here right now.
No.
You an indian?
No.
You black?
Thought you said this was a private club. How come I'm allowed in without bein' a member?
New Orleans, huh?... We was just there.
Sorry to hear it.
Restin' in our room. She ain't been feelin' well.
Hell, no, belongs to my girl's sister. The sister's been over to New Orleans, lets us have it while she's gone. Where's that pretty little lady of yours today?
This your car?
Thought maybe Sparky and Buddy'd taken ya. Come on, I'll drive.
No, haven't heard of it.
Let's go by Rosarita's. You been there yet?
That'd be fine, Bobby.
How 'bout a beer?
Thanks, Bobby, 'bout done.
Need a hand?
You was in the Marines, huh?
I'm from all over.
Maybe he'll get a little nervous, but who gives a shit?
What's gonna happen when he sees me drivin' the car tomorrow?
That's right... Could have a bad accident, though... before... durin'... or after a hold-up...
No, of course.
What'd you say?
Used to.
No shit?!?! You know him?
That guy Sailor came around this afternoon... Asked me if there was a contract out on 'im.
The cobra's waitin' to strike, chica.
Juana called. They're stayin' another week.
You heard from Reggie?
Wish I'd fuckin' cut you up good.
Ain't never had no girl pull a blade on me.
You still screwing sixteen-year-olds in the ass?
Told ya I would. You still riled?
Nice of you to drop by.
Thanks.
About. Where Lafitte crosses over Galvez Highway. State Road 86.
You say it's straight ahead a mile?
Club Zanzibar.
What's the name of it?
Mostly black though in that boogie place.
Got enough, thanks. We're lookin' for a place has some music, where we can maybe do some dancin' - get somethin' to eat, too. Anything like that around here?
Gas?
I'll tell ya though, it's comin' up to the time when Marietta and me might just set up house together and settle down... I think that time's comin' up right soon. But like you said, everythin's relative.
That's what I mean... Always looked like you was just knocked out in love... Was real nice to see.
Not for lack of love, I can tell ya that.
It's none of my business, but when are you and Marietta gonna tie the knot? I always wondered why you never did.
No sir...
You hitched yet?
Sounds right... I'll check it out.
Hell, that rings a bell. Someone told me somebody lookin' like her was at the Nothin' Fancy yesterday.
Actually, I'm lookin' for Marietta's daughter, Lula. Her and 'er beau took off the other day. Marietta's real upset about it.
So who you out sleuthin' for now?... Can I help ya?
Set one up.
What'll it be? The regular? Black Label?
No... She's fine. Back home.
Everythin's relative. Where's that Marietta Pace Fortune? You two didn't split up, I hope.
Real good, Chet... It's been awhile.
Hey!!!... Johnnie Farragut. How are you, my man.
Call me Johnnie... N.O. has always been a good town to sit around in.
But how are you finding New Orleans, Senor Farragut?
Yes. Mr. San Pedro Sula spoke yesterday to his son, Archibald Leach San Pedro Sula, who is named after Cary Grant, and he told them there was a shooting.
So, it's back to the islands.
We were. Now Mr. San Pedro Sula and I are on our way back to Utila, in the morning.
I thought you two were in Austin, Texas. Or Takes-us, as they say in these parts.
Whattaya do there?
No big buildings like in New Orleans.
Muchas gracias.
Alright... By all means. Make yourselves at home.
We are in the same businesses and also we are fishermen.
He wants to take Mr. San Pedro Sula and me bass fishing.
United States Marine issue, before they made the unfortunate switch to the less dependable nine millimeters. I have it here, in my briefcase.
Mr. San Pedro Sula's authorized to carry a .45.
Only if necessary, of course, and only in my own country. 
Mr. San Pedro Sula's permit to kill.
That is my permiso.
But I am also with the government.
Mr. San Pedro Sula's got an appliance shop.
Oh, many things...
Do you know Honduras, Johnny?
Mr. San Pedro Sula is from Honduras.
Guilty on a reduced charge. Hundred dollar fine and ordered to desist. Pigeons carry diseases and muss up the place. You seen it. Plain filth.
What happened on the charges?
Woman drivin' down the street spotted me with on a roof with my rifle. She called the police and they came over and arrested me. Thought I was a sniper! Boys at the VFW loved that one. Cops didn't understand about the pigeons, the damage they do to personal property. I used to complain to the city but they never lifted a finger. I was gonna put out poison, but I was afraid somebody's cat would eat it. Hell, I had six cats myself. So I used the .22 because it didn't make much noise and the ammo was cheap.
If your neighbors didn't mind, how'd you get put out of business?
Was in all the papers three years ago. I'm seventy-six, was only seventy- three then. Had a business in Buffalo, New York, called Rats With Wings. Killed pigeons for anyone who wanted 'em killed.
Don't know that I have... Should I know about you for anythin' in particular?
My name's George Kovich. Bet you've heard of me.
If you are truly wild at heart, you'll fight for your dreams... Don't turn away from love, Sailor... Don't turn away from love... Don't turn away from love.
But I'm wild at heart.
She's forgiven you of all these things... You love her... Don't be afraid, Sailor.
But I'm a robber and a manslaughterer and I haven't had any parental guidance.
Sailor... Lula loves you.
The Good Witch...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to do this to ya here in front of a crowd, but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl.
Come here.
...Asshole.
This is a snakeskin jacket, and for me it's a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom.
Don't fuck with me, man. You look like a clown in that stupid jacket.
Are you going to provide me with an opportunity to prove my love to my girl? Or are you gonna save yourself some trouble and step up like a gentleman and apologize to her?
Oh God... OH GOD... Santos... Oh God Marietta... are you in on this?... OH GOD!!!
I forgot to show you this. The gentlemen that gave this to me said you'd recognize it. Said he wanted it'd be 'bout the last thing you ever saw in this life.
The real joke is we never went fishing, but we're still fishing.
Gotta admit, you guys are -  two in four dozen.
How's that?
Do you know how it came about that copper wire was invented in Scotland?
Hasta siempre.
Hasta siempre.
It has its moments of uncertainty.
This island of yours sounds like a kind of unpredictable place.
Teddy Roosevelt, one of the local shrimp boat captains is in jail now. These people are friends of mine, so I must return and find out what happened.
I think they are too serious, these American fishermen. In Honduras, we are not so concerned with the method.
Why not? How was the fishin'?
Would you like to enjoy a martini with us?
I couldn't say, which one?
The same to you. If you are in Honduras, come to the Bay Islands and visit us. The Hondurans are great friends of the American people. But I have a joke for you before I go. If a liberal, a socialist, and a communist all jumped off the roof of the Empire State Building at the same time, which one of them would hit the ground first?
Certainly not. We are here only briefly, in fact, until this evening, when we fly to Austin, Texas to visit a friend of mine who is an agent for the CIA.
Why are you in New Orleans? If you don't mind my askin'.
He is my sponsor. The General is the head of the secret police of Honduras.
General Osvaldo Tamarindo y Ramirez. Telefono 666.
In many capacities.
In what capacity?
Yes, that's so. But there is not much to destroy.
Only that it's supposed to be a pretty poor sight since the hurricane came through last year.
Johnnie, please. Nope. Charlotte, North Carolina. Here on business.
You are from New Orleans, Senor Farragut?
See ya downstairs.
You won't of missed much.
And to think what coulda happened in that king-sized bed tonight...
I'll pack my things and meet you downstairs.
This 'bout the fifth time?
Did I tell ya it's great to see ya again?
Let's head for Texas and see if we can pick up the trail.
All I have to do is grab my suitcase, and I'm ready. You're lucky cause I happen to love night drivin'.
Johnnie... That's the past... We gotta get on to our future, sugar!
Yeah... The one that introduced Santos to you and Clyde.
Who?... Uncle Pooch?...
That bastard Pucinski...
Hell no, baby... I wouldn'ta done that without tellin' you.
Honey, I have to ask you this... Is Santos involved in any of this?
I did, honey, but that was last night... Let's just find those two kids before it's too late.
Somethin' was upsettin' you bad last night, and you wanted to tell me and I figured you wanted to tell me so's I could help...
Johnnie, I can't tell you, honey. Is there anyway we can get on the road tonight? We've got to find them kids.
Just some guys I met here... I keep seein' 'em...  Now tell me...
What is it, Johnnie?
I'll be damned if that wasn't a wrong number?
Who was that?... Who know's your here?
Seven tomorrow evenin'. We can eat at Galatoire's. Fix it.
I'll meet you, Marietta, if that's what you want, but I'm against it.
No, you wait right there for me... I'll be on the Piedmont flight tomorrow at seven. Meet me at the airport.
Marietta, I was just gonna leave and see if I could pick up their trail.
I won't tell you over the phone. I'm comin' to N.O. and I'll tell you then.
What?
Could she be doin' okay, Johnnie? She's tryin' to prove somethin' to me, that's all. Lula ain't doin' no more'n showin' off, defyin' me...  Johnnie, I've done somethin' bad...
How'd she sound? Was she doin' okay?
No, but my guess is they're headed west, so prob'ly Texas. Their money must be runnin' low. I don't think Sailor had much to begin with, if any, and Lula took the six hundred she had saved in the Cherokee Thrift.
Did she tell you where she was callin' from?
Listen, Johnnie, Lula just called me. She knew you were in N.O., so they left the city.
I got some news, Marietta. Lula and Sailor been here. They checked out of the Hotel Brazil on Frechman Street yesterday.
I will, Marietta. Goodbye now.
I'm stayin' right here by the phone until you find Lula, then I'm comin' to get her. You call soon's you got somethin', even if it's three in the a.m.
Really, Marietta, you got more scenarios swimmin' around in your brain than Carter got pills. Try to take it easy. Go over to Myrtle Beach for a few days.
This is the kinda mistake can take a Hindu's lifetime to unfix... You better get a move on, Johnnie, before that boy got her holdin' down a Memphis streetcorner and shootin' dope up her arms.
No, Marietta, I haven't found 'em.
Marietta, settle down now darlin'... I want what's best for her, too - like I said, I'll do what I can to bring her home.
Maybe I was there, but I didn't see anythin'. All I know's that trash killed a man with his bare hands. Hands which are now prob'ly all over my baby!
Sailor ain't a murderer. You got to get off that kick. And far's I can tell, Sailor was entire clean prior to that involvin' Lula. Even there he was protectin' her. You oughta be thankin' him for that. That Bob Ray Lemon they say was comin' after the both of 'em. Why am I tellin' you this, you was around that night. You ought to know just exactly what happened. Sailor just got a little too forceful is all... You remember that night...
Well stop worryin' about me and start worryin' about how you're gonna get that Lula back here and away from that murderer.
Sorry, sweetheart. Bein' in love with you like I am brings out that ugly jealous side.
Oh, Johnnie Farragut... Don't you trust your very own Marietta?
Darlin', you ain't seein' Santos again, are ya?
You're just jealous of Santos cause he's sweet on me.
Now, Marietta, I am goin' to help you. And don't be gettin' carried away. You don't want to be bringin' Santos and his people into it.
I'll hire a hit man if you don't want to help me stop this thing. I'll call Marcello Santos.
Don't talk down to me, Johnnie Farragut. I know what volition means, and that's why I want Sailor Ripley off the planet! He's pure slime and it's leakin' all over my baby. Maybe you could push him into makin' some kinda move and then kill him dead. You'd only be defendin' yourself, and with his record, nobody'd fuss.
He served his time for what he did. Another thing... If Lula went with him of her own volition - willingly, that is - there ain't much can be done about it.
I knew this would happen. Soon as that piece of filth got out of Pee Dee, I knew there'd be trouble. He's just got some kind of influence over her I can't decipher. There's somethin' wild in Lula I don't know where it comes from. You gotta find 'em, Johnnie.
Pace, your daddy'd love you even if you didn't have no hair at all.
Case daddy don't like me. What if he don't like that I don't got his color hair.
Why, honey?
I'm scared, mama.
Thinkin' a second, baby.
Why we sittin' here, mama?
Wrong, baby. Your daddy never committed no murder. Musta been you didn't hear grandmama proper. He made some mistakes, is all. Your daddy ain't always been so lucky... We're almost at the depot, honey. Sit back a minute.
Grandmama said how Sailor murdered a man.
And?
Heard grandpa Santos and grandmama talkin'.
Course he ain't never killed nobody. Why'd you say that, Pace?
My daddy ain't never killed nobody, has he, mama?
Like you, sweetheart. You and your daddy got the same mouth, eyes, ears, and nose. Only difference is your color hair is like mine.
I still ain't sure what my daddy looks like.
Why, Pace Roscoe Ripley, ain't you got one cute mouth tonight?
You ain't actin', mama.
Nothin', honey.  Mama's just actin' strange.
What I made you do, mama?
Damn it, child! Now look what you made me do.
How'll he know what we look like? He seen our photo?
Don't give me no trouble now, Pace, please. This ain't the easiest day in a long time. And what do you mean how are we gonna know what your daddy looks like? You seen his photo.
SAILOR!!!!
LULA!!!!
What makes sense, is all.
How can you say that, Sailor?
He ain't never known me, Lula, so there ain't much for him to forget. Not seein' each other for six years makes it next best to simple for us, too.
What're you talkin' about? That's your son in there.
It's a mistake, honey. You two go on. I'll walk back to the depot.
Really, Sail, I'll be okay.
Boys frightened, Lula. This ain't no good.
I'm sorry, Sailor. I just can't help it. Give me a minute and I'll quit.
Lead the way.
You hungry? Pace and I ain't had dinner yet.
Shake hands with your daddy.
You must be my son.
Thanks, darlin', I know you got my best interest in mind, and I 'preciate it sincerely. I love you, but I gotta sleep now.
That man's a black angel, Sailor. You hook up with him, you'll regret it. If you live to.
Lula, he mighta did, I don't know. But it don't matter now. Lotta guys go outta control in a war and it ain't their fault.
Was a massacre. Soldiers there murdered old folks, women and babies, and dumped 'em in a trench. Bobby Peru prob'ly killed the most.
What?
Buddy told me about that thing at Cao Ben?
Lula, I got to get some sleep.
He's the kind liked it.
That was in Vietnam.
That was a accident. I bet both our asses Bobby Peru done murdered all kinds of people, and meant it, too.
I killed Bob Ray Lemon, didn't I?
He's a stone fuckin' criminal, honey, and you ain't.
What could I be up to, Lula?
Who says I'm smart? You up to somethin' with Bobby Peru, Sailor?
Rather be in El Paso than Big Tuna.
We got about forty bucks, sweetheart. That'd get us to El Paso.
I mean tomorrow.
We're goin' to, Lula, real soon.
Let's leave here.
Uh-huh?
Sail?
Went with Bobby.
So where'd you say you was?
Oughta make 'em happy.
Some... Sparky said Red's promised to have him and Buddy out of here by the weekend.
You talk to 'im some?...
Yeah... He was lookin' for you.
And Bobby too, I hear...
Buddy and Sparky come by earlier.
That smell's still fillin' this room good.
Can't tell yet. Where'd you go?
Few beers is all. Feelin' any better?
You been drinkin', huh?
I know this ain't easy, Lula, but I ain't gonna let things get no worse, I promise.
I know. Just I'm sorta uncomfortable about the way some things is goin', and this don't help soothe me.
Love you, too.
Really, Sailor, it ain't nothin' against you. I love you.
Well, nothin' personal, but I ain't sure it's okay by me.
It's okay by me, peanut.
Not that. Look at what I wrote down cause I can't say it.
I know you ain't particularly pleased bein' here.
Sailor? You know what?
No, I don't think so, Sail. I just need to lie down.
Anything I can do for you?
I'll come along.
Darlin', I still ain't feelin' so well. I'm goin' to bed.
Come sit by me.
Yeah?
A little, I think... Darlin'?
You sick?
I barfed. Tried to make it to the bathroom... Turned out it was the wrong door anyways... I sorta got it cleaned up.
Maybe. Met a guy named Red, owns a garage, could have some work in about a week. Met a few hard luck boys who's stayin' here. What's that smell?
You find any work?
The only one.
That you, Sail, honey?
Okay, honey, I'll see you later.
I'm gonna stay here in this room, Sailor. I don't feel so good? This heat makes me tired.
This ain't exactly my most thrillin' notion of startin' a new life.
Yeah?
Sailor?
Let's get a sandwich and find out about some work.
Now what?
Fan works.
And no AC.
No radio or TV...
Not bad for eleven dollars a day.
Not quite as bad as the weather though... It must be a hundred and ten and it ain't even noon yet.
Well, it ain't exactly Emerald City...
Let's get outta here, honey.
She died right in front of me. Why'd she have to go and do that, Sailor?
I'm afraid she is, baby.
I can't take this, Sailor. She's dyin' right in front of our eyes...
Don't know, but she's gonna bleed all over our car, I'll tell ya that...  Hey... Hello... Girl... You gotta come with us, honey.
You think she's gonna make it?
Let's get ahold a' her quick.
I don't know, honey, but we gotta help that girl - get her to a town and hope no one catches on I broke parole.
Sailor, what are we gonna do?
SAILOR!!!
One bad car accident...
Oh God, Sailor.
I don't know... Looks like clothes.
What's that?
We'll be alright, peanut, long as we've got room to move.
I do trust you, Sailor. Like I ain't never trusted nobody before.
Trust me on it.
If you say so.
There's worse places, honey.
Well, we're really out in the middle of it now, ain't we?
It's a comfortin' idea.
I take that as a sign that we were destined by fate to be together.
They have, sugar.
My mama...  So Sailor, our histories have been somewhat intertwined.
I didn't want to say it... but I had a feelin' Santos was up to somethin' with your mama...
...They was laughin' arm in arm like animals.
That night in the fire while my daddy was dyin'... I saw mama up in her room with Santos...
No, Sailor darlin'. Just shockin' sometimes when things aren't the way you thought they were... I been carryin' a secret too...
You upset with me?
Yeah, I'm here.
Lula, you there?
Met him through Santos... Clyde - your daddy - had some sorta business deal with Santos.
How'd you know my daddy?
We all got a secret side, baby. Hope you don't think I been lyin' to you 'bout other things, sugar.
That's some big secret you been carryin', Sailor.
I know, sugar... But while the place was burnin'... Before Santos came out - I pitched some rocks at the second floor windows case anyone was upstairs sleepin'... Afterwards... When I met you, I always liked to think I mighta saved your life.
God, Sailor... That's the night my daddy died.
I quit workin' for 'im, but just before I did, I ended up one night at a house... I don't know what it is they all think I saw that night, but I was just sittin' out in the car till the whole place went up in flames.
Oh shit...
Yes I did... I sure did... The bad side of it is I did some drivin' for a man named Marcello Santos...
You knew my daddy?
Well, there's a good side as well as a bad side to it... The good side is I knew your daddy, and I thought Clyde was a good ol' guy...
You're scarin' me, baby.
Not exactly, sugar... One reason we're in all the trouble we're in right now is cause of what I was doin'... I tried to tell you this before...
I just figured you was out bein' Mr. Cool...
You know, Lula, I never told you what all I was doin' before I met you.
Sure is a big deal round here... Alamo Road, Alamo Street, Alamo Square, Alamo Buildin', Alamo Alamo. They ain't forgettin' about it in a hurry. That's the thing 'bout memory? Some things you wish you could forget... What's troublin' you, sugar?
This ain't news, sweetheart. I hate to tell ya.
The world's gettin' worse, I think, Sailor. And it don't sound like there's much we can do about it, neither.
I can't take no more of this radio...  I ain't never heard so much concentrated weirdness in my life, Sailor Ripley, you find me some dancin' music right this minute... I MEAN IT!!
What's that, peanut?
That'd be good, Lula.
You want me to drive for a stretch? Give you a chance to rest.
Not in Houston. We'd be better off in some place more out of the way.
You want to stick around here, Sailor? See if we can get some work?
Under a hundred.
How much we got left, honey?
Told you not to call your mama.
Leave me be for a minute? Mama gets all insane and then I see you practicin' your individuality and personal freedom with some oil-town tramp. How you figure I'm gonna feel?
Honey, I'm sorry. It wasn't nothin'. Come on and get up and we'll take off.
It's me who's wastin' time, Sailor, bein' with you.
I was just wastin' time, peanut, till you come back.
Pardon me? Y'all got a phone here I can use?
I ain't so sure it's a great idea, but that's up to you. Just don't tell her where we are.
I want to call her and tell her I'm okay. That we're okay.
More'n likely.
Mama. I been thinkin' about her. She's prob'ly worried to death by now.
What's wrong, sweetheart? Somethin' botherin' you?
You think she's pretty?
Honey, we bein' strangers here and all, this is the kinda place we don't want to make nothin' of nothin'.
Well, she ain't talked to nobody and ain't nobody spoke to her that I could tell. What you make of that?
Yeah.
You notice that woman when we come in? The white woman sittin' by herself?
Uh huh.
I'll be damned if I'm leavin'. That band is too good?
We'll find out in a hurry.
You ready for this?
Maybe there's a place we could hear some music. I feel like dancin'. We could ask someone.
Hard to tell what's shakin' in a place like this, honey. You don't want to be walkin' in the wrong door.
I wouldn't mind a little night life. How about you?
Do me a favor, Sailor? Don't pick up no more hitchers, okay?
Just part of life on the road, peanut.
I know you're thinkin' that I got more'n some of my mama in me? Well, I couldn't help it. Sailor, I really couldn't. I'm sorry for that guy, but when he pulled that drippin' hunk of awful-smellin' meat out of his pocket? I near barfed. And them poor diseased puppies!
You don't feel you was a little hard on the guy, honey?
He's just a regular guy't needs help, honey. Look at him.
Sure you wanna do this? Might be a way they could track us.
Lula, darlin'... Makes no difference anyway... We're outta here.
He was sittin' there havin' a beignet at the Cafe Du Monde. Do you think he saw us?
Who knows, baby?
You think he saw us?
I'm goin'.
Never mind where... Get outta here... I mean it, Sailor.
Where?
Oh my God... It's Johnnie... Duck down!... Get goin'!
You do.
Who do?
Gotta hex from a voodoo?
Let's get outta here... I suddenly got a funny feelin' about this place. Feelin' all that voodoo...
Well, I ain't upset about it, darlin'. Just give me an odd feelin' there a minute, is all.
Sometimes dreams just don't mean nothin'... Stuff comes into your mind and you don't have no control over, you know? Anyways, dreams ain't no odder than real life. Sometimes not by half.
I know, peanut. But it wasn't all like you were so unhappy I was there, just you were upset. My bein' there was upsettin' to you. You had some kids there, little kids, and I guess you'd got married and your husband was comin' home any minute.
Oh, baby, what an idea. I'd always be happy to see you, no matter what.
I know. I kept walkin', I headed for your house, only it wasn't your house, really. You let me in only you weren't real pleased to see me. You kept askin', 'Why'd you come to see me now? Why now?' Like it'd been a long time since we'd seen each other.
Boy, sweetie, this is weird, okay.
The water was rollin' off me. And I was dirty, too, like I hadn't had no bath in a long time, so the sweat was black almost.
It wasn't no fun, Lula. The wind was blowin' super-hard and I wasn't dressed warm. Only instead of freezin', I was sweatin' strong.
What was this one?
No, I like gettin' up around four a.m. and talkin' bout wild animals... Though you woke me up this time in the middle of a dream. I kinda wish I didn't remember it. Up at Pee Dee, I couldn't remember any of my dreams.
You think so, baby? Does my talkin' bother you, honey?
Too bad they don't give an award for talkin'... You'd win first prize. Especially with those tits.
Talkin's good. Long as you got the other? I'm a big believer in talkin', case you ain't noticed.
We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked, is all.
I really do think it's the best night of my life.
I was hopin' you would. I know that night by heart. Sometimes, honey? I think it's the best night of my life.
I do.
Recall the time we was sittin' one night behind the Confederate soldier? Leanin' against it. And you took your hand and put it on your heart and you said, 'You feel it beatin' in there, Lula?... Get used to it, 'cause it belongs to you now.' D'you recall that?
I ain't never met anyone come close to you, sugar.
You certain?
You got me, peanut.
Anythin' interestin' in the world come out of somebody's weird thoughts, Sailor. You tell me Sailor, who could come up with shit like we're seein' these days?
Lula, sometimes I gotta admit, you come up with some weird thoughts...
Shhhhh... It's four o'clock... That woman's laugh the other day had somethin' to do with this feelin'?... Like bein' ripped apart by a gorilla, maybe... Grabbed sudden and pulled apart real quick by a real powerful one.
My God,  it better be, darlin', cause it'd be the last... What time is it?
Ever imagine what it'd be like to get eaten alive by a wild beast? Sometimes I think it would be the biggest thrill?
Huh?
One person thinks he's doin' somethin' good and ever'body else gets upset about it.
What's that, peanut?
It's just another case, Sailor.
What lesson do get outta that story, Lula?
You really are dangerously cute, honey. I gotta admit it.
I love it when your eyes get wild, honey. They light up all blue almost and little white parachutes pop out of 'em. Oh, Sailor you're so aware of what goes on with me? I mean, you pay attention. And I swear, you got the sweetest cock. Sometimes it's like it's talkin' to me when you're inside? Like it's got a voice all it's own. You get right on me.
We sure don't, honey...  Get me a Mounds?
We're about dry bones, sweetheart. We don't wanna have to push this "bird" into New Orleans.
Honey, we're goin' to bed now and it's time to change the subject.
Honest, Lula. I prob'ly ain't precisely got all the facts straight, but it's about what they said.
Sailor Ripley! You stop! You're makin' this shit up and I ain't gonna sit for it!
How they used to do it. Course they got more sophisticated ways now. Radio said the Chinese, I think it is, figured a better idea is by insertin' a balloon in the forehead and lettin' it hang down on the nose.
Sailor? You expect me to believe a man'd be goin' around with a arm sewed to his nose?
Yeah, well listen to this... Radio said back in the 1920s a I-talian doctor figured out that if, say, a fella got his nose cut off or bit off in, say, a barfight or somethin', they'd sew one of his forearms to his nose for a few weeks... Then put leeches on it.
I got one on me at Lake Lanier. Lifeguard poured salt on it and it dropped off. Felt awful. He was a cute boy, though, so it was almost worth it.
Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em?
Yeah, it's a real problem for me, Sailor, you know? When I went in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi? I saw 'em by the register and the girl throw 'em in. I'm not big on resistin'. So what about a leech?
Got you a pack of Mores again, huh?
Say what? Honestly, sugar, you can talk more shit sometimes?
Lula... I learned somethin' interestin' today on a science show I heard on the radio... How leeches is comin' back into style.
M-i-ss-i-ss-i-pp-i... You can almost hear that jazz blowin' up from the big N.O.
Let's get fed, sweetheart. The light's fadin' fast.
It's huge. This musta been a grand old place at one time.
There ain't no water in the swimmin' pool. Just a dead tree fell in, prob'ly from bein' struck by lightnin'.
What's that, honey?
Come look at this.
I H-A-T-E hotel bedspreads. They don't hardly never get washed, and I don't like the idea of lyin' on other people's dirt.
Looks more like the Ghost of the Old South, but we'll try her.
How about that one? The Host of the Old South Hotel.
We oughta stay somewhere outta the way. Not in no Holidays or Ramadas or Motel Six. If Johnnie Farragut's on our trail he'll check those first.
Got anyplace special in mind?
Almost. I figure we should find us a place to stay and then go eat.
That's disgustin'. Those kinda sentiments shouldn't be allowed out in public. Is this Biloxi yet?
What it says on the bumper sticker up front. On that pickup.
What kinda trash talk is that?
Life is a bitch and then you marry one.
Thank the Lord. Well, you ain't let me down yet, Sailor. That's more'n I can say for the rest of the world?
Okay, manslaughterer who's broke his parole and got in mind nothin' but immoral purposes far's you're concerned.
Manslaughterer, honey, not murderer. Don't exaggerate.
You ain't gonna begin worryin' about what's bad for you at this hour, are you, sugar? I mean, here you are crossin' state lines with a A-Number One certified murderer.
Yeah, I guess, but - and here's the lesson part - they ain't supposed to be so bad for you.
They sure do stink.
It ain't. It's part of the lessons of life. I picked me up a pack of Vantages before we left the Cape?
That don't smell like a More.
We got through two states already.
You got about six more big states to go before we find out.
What'll it be like in California, Sailor, do you think? I hear it don't rain much there.
You guess? My parole was broke two hundred miles back when we burnt Portagee County.
I suppose so. She knew I was bound to see you soon as you was sprung, but I don't figure she counted on us takin' off together like this... I guess this means you're breakin' parole, then?
What do you mean by necessary? She's prob'ly already called the cops, my parole officer, her p.i. boyfriend Johnnie Farragut.
I'll drop mama a postcard from somewhere. I mean, I don't want her to worry no more'n necessary.
Sorta brown, blonde, I guess. But dig this, sweetie. Then she turns over, peels off them orange pants, and spreads her legs real wide and says to me...
Poor baby. She don't know what she missed. What color hair she have?
Her face was half-pushed into the pillow, and she looked back over her shoulder at me and said, 'I won't suck you. Don't ask me to suck you.'
You're excitin' me, honey. What'd she do?
She just rolled over onto her stomach and stuck her ass up in the air. I slid my hand between her legs and she closed her thighs on it.
I guess.
You mean like pedal pushers?
That's just what she said. I had a boner with a capital "O." I went to kiss her but she broke off laughin' and ran down the hallway. I found her lyin' on a bed in a room filled with assault weapons and Penthouse magazines. She was a wild chick. She was wearin' bright orange pants with kind of Spanish lookin' lacy black stripes down the sides. You know, them kind that doesn't go all the way down your leg?
Oh, baby. What a bad boy you are!
When she got almost to the top step I stuck my hand between her legs from behind.
Told her my name. Then she said somethin' like, 'It's so noisy down here. Why don't we go upstairs so we can hear ourselves?' She turned around and led the way. I knew I had an important lesson to learn that day.
What'd you say to her?
She looked right at me and run her tongue over her lips and put her hand on my arm - told me her name was Irma.
Maybe two, three months after Juarez. I was visitin' my cousin, Junior Train, in Savannah, and we were at some kid's house whose parents were out of town. A girl comes up to me that was real tall, taller than me.
Sorry, baby... When's the first time you done it with a girl who wasn't hookin'?
You still got plenty energy for me, baby.
Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez. At that age you still got a lot of energy.
...That's an awful long way to go, just to get some pussy.
Those toenails dry yet? We got some dancin' to do.
I'd got to the far end of the world for you, baby... You know I would.
You up for that?
Sailor!
Yeah, maybe...
Maybe my mama cares for me just a little too much...
One thing puzzles my mind, sugar... You're twenty years old - aren't you ever curious why your mama has this fixation on keepin' us apart? Puttin' a detective on us. I'll tell ya Lula... Well... It's more'n me killin' Bob Ray Lemon...
We gotta be careful, honey, my mama's gonna have Johnnie Farragut on us like a duck on a june bug, and he's one clever detective? You know how clever? He once told me that he could find an honest man in Washington. My toenails gotta dry first anyways, Sailor.
Let's go dancin', peanut. I'm ready.
Yeah, I suppose. But you know somethin' baby, hair does make a difference.
There's worse things that can happen to a man, honey.
He's twenty-four now? A year older than you? And must be 'bout bald.
So?
When he was about seventeen, he startin' losin' his hair.
What's that?
Too bad we all can't, baby... One thing about Dell?
Sound like ol' Dell's more'n just a little confused, peanut... Too bad he couldn't visit that ol' Wizard of Oz and get some good advice.
The private eye cost Aunt Rootie over a thousand dollars? Then a little while later Dell ran off a third time to some place he said would "give him peace of mind." Nobody's seen him since.
It ain't so funny now, though. December before Christmas? Dell disappeared again and Aunt Rootie hired a private eye to find him. He was missin' for almost a month before he wandered back in the house on mornin' dressed in some filthy Santa Claus suit.
Prob'ly the rain boys from Outer Space.
...are followin' him around.
One time - real late - like about two thirty a.m.? She found Dell up in the black of night all dressed and makin' sandwiches in the kitchen.
Hell, peanut...
One time, Aunt Rootie caught Dell puttin' one big cockroach on his anus?
Well, like mama told me, Aunt Rootie, Dell's mama? She found cockroaches in Dell's underwear.
Actin' funny how?
Dell disappeared. Dell was learnin' a hard lesson. What I learned from observin' Dell is I think people who are frightened want to disappear. He'd startin' behavin' weird? Like comin' up to people every fifteen minutes and askin' how they were doin'?
What's that, peanut?
Oh, nothin'. I never let on to mama about Dell bein' the one. I just flat refused to tell her who the daddy was? I didn't tell Dell, neither. He was back home in Chattanooga by then, anyhow, and I didn't see the point. Somethin' terrible happened to him, though. Six months ago.
What happened to him?
It was my cousin, Dell, done it? His folks used to visit with us summers.
You tell the boy who knocked you up?
...I hope you appreciate my spendin' six hundred dollars, not countin' what it cost us to get here and back... This man's the best damn abortionist in the South.
She got me an abortion...
Musta been a lesson tellin' ya it was the wrong time... What did you do, your mama find out?
It ain't altogether terrible just to let things go along sometimes. Lula, I done a few things in my life I ain't too proud of, but I'll tell ya from now on I ain't gonna do nothin' for no good reason. All I know for sure is there's more'n a few bad ideas runnin' around loose out there.
I just think about things as they come up. I never been much of a planner.
At Pee Dee, all you think about is the future, you know? Gettin' out? And what you'll do and what you'll think about when you're on the outside again.
Oh, you know exactly what I mean, honey? It'd make the future so simple and nice.
You think of the weirdest damn things to say sometimes, peanut. Ain't we been doin' a pretty fair job this far?
Wouldn't it be fabulous if we somehow stayed in love for the rest of our lives?
Yeah?
Sailor?
Hell, why should the Datin' Game be different from real life? At least them boys is gonna get somethin' to eat.
That don't seem fair.
Gift certificates to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Don't the reject guys get anythin'?
Twenty-three months, eighteen days is all. Don't need to make more'n it was.  This couple's goin' on a date to Hawaii. The girl chose him over the other two guys.
I'm sorry, sweetie. I forget some moments where all you been the last two years.
We didn't have no TV up at Pee Dee, baby, you know?
What's that honey?
What you have to get personal about so quick? All I mean is you could possibly read a book.
That so?  You want to tell me what, if any, real thoughts you had lately?
What you want to watch this trash for? Ain't one of those people have a real thought in their brain.
That's good... Now go get yourself a beer.  You fellas have alotta the same power Elvis had... Y'all know this one?
Hell, you just rubbed up against the wrong girl is all.
I'm always ready to dance. But I need me a kiss first, honey. Just one?
Just sounded like an old gal havin' a good time to me... You ready to dance?
That woman's laugh creeps me out. I heard somethin' like that... somewhere before... Sound'd like the wicked witch...
You okay, honey?
Sailor, that ozone layer is disappearin'. Seems to me the government could do somethin' about it. One of these mornings the sun'll come up and burn a hole clean through the planet like an X-Ray.
Here she goes again...
Uncle Pooch died in a car crash three years later while he was holidayin' in Myrtle Beach. They still got way too much traffic there for my taste... And another thing, baby... That government of ours should be keepin' us separated from outer space...
One hundred twenty decibels - head on collision of a '54 Ford Pick-Up and a '64 Chevy Station Wagon. No survivors. Balls of flame and grinding metal.
Just you. Uncle Pooch never acted strange or different after. And he never did anything else to me. I always got a nice present from him at Christmas, like a coat or jewelry?
And you never told nobody about it?
Well, sure. But he was super-gentle, you know? I mean, he raped me and all, but I guess there's all different kinds of rapes. I didn't exactly want him to do it but I suppose once it started, it didn't seem all that terrible. It was over pretty quick, and after Uncle Pooch just stood there and pulled up his trousers and left me there. I stayed in bed till I heard him drive off. Then I just went back into the kitchen and finished makin' my sandwich.
'We' did it? Whattaya mean? Didn't he force you?
He was short but powerful. With hairy arms? Anyway, he carried me into the maid's dayroom which nobody used. We did it there on an old bed.
No, he picked me up.
So how'd he finally nail you? Right there in the kitchen?
Didn't he say somethin'?
Uncle Pooch came in the side door through the porch, you know? Where I was makin' a jelly and banana sandwich? I remember I had my hair in curlers cause I was goin' that night with Vicki and Cherry Ann, the DeSoto sisters. Uncle Pooch must have known nobody but me was home, cause he came right in and put both his hands on my butt and sorta shoved me up against the counter.
Well, mama was at the Busy Bee havin' her hair dyed? And I was alone in the house.
Sorry, sugar. Go on and tell me how old Pooch done the deed.
I said you can be too crude sometimes? I don't think I care for it.
I can't hardly understand you when you talk with one of them Mores in your mouth.
You're terrible crude sometimes, Sailor, you know?
How'd it happen, peanut? He just pull out the old toad and let it croak?
That's true. Uncle Pooch wasn't really an uncle. He was a business partner of my daddy's? And my mama never knew nothin' about me and him - that's for damn sure. His real name was somethin' kind of European, like Pucinski. But everyone just called him Pooch. He came around the house sometimes when Daddy was away. I always figured he was sweet on mama, so when he cornered me one afternoon, I was surprised more'n a little.
But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen.
Sailor, you are somethin' else, honey... When I was fifteen, Mama told me that pretty soon I'd be startin' to think about sex, and I should talk to her before I did anything about it.
Grandmama Pace had a long, smooth white neck. It was like on a statue it was so white?
You have such a pretty, long neck, like a swan.
Started he couldn't remember things? Got real violent? Mama kept tellin' me it was on account of lead poisoning from cleanin' the old paint off our house without usin' a mask... But I don't know. Seems like his brain just fell apart in pieces.
In a fire, as I recall.
You remind me of my daddy, you know? Mama told me he liked skinny women whose breasts were just a bit too big for their bodies. He had a long nose, too, like theirs. Did I ever tell you how he died?
You're perfect for me, too.
Hell, peanut, you stuck with me after I planted Bob Ray Lemon. A man can't ask for more than that.
I'd stand by you, Sailor... through anything.
It's okay. I hardly used to see them anyway. I didn't have much parental guiding. The public defender kept sayin' that at my parole hearin'. He was a good ol' boy, stood by me... Even brought me some cartons of cigarettes from time to time.
Gee, Sailor. I'm sorry, honey. I never would have guessed it.
Camels, same as me... Guess both my mama and my daddy died of smoke or alcohol related illness.
What brand'd she smoke?
I guess I started smokin' when I was about six... My mama was already dead from lung cancer...
Well, I was thinkin' about smokin' actually... My mama smokes Marlboros now, used to be she smoked Kools? I stole 'em from her beginnin' in about sixth grade. When I got old enough to buy my own, I bought those. Now I've just about settled on Mores, as you probably noticed? They're longer.
I really did miss your mind while I was out at Pee Dee, honey. The rest of you, too, of course. But the way your head works is God's own private mystery. What was it you was thinkin'?
Did you ever think somethin' like about the wicked witch of the east comin' flyin' in?... Did you ever think somethin' and then later think you've said it out loud to someone?
Stab it and steer.
'Bout fifty thousand times. I got us a room at the Cape Fear, and guess what?... I hear Powermad's at "The Hurricane."
Hey, my snakeskin jacket... Thanks, baby... Did I ever tell you that this here jacket for me is a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom?
Peanut...
Hey baby...
HOLY SHIT!! IT'S THE NIGHT OF THE LIVIN' FUCKIN' DEAD!!!!
In the Ganges near Varanasi to try and reduce human pollution and now plan to put in the crocodiles to devour floatin' corpses dumped by Hindus too poor to pay for cremation.
The Indian official who supplied this information did so only on condition of anonymity. The Uttar Pradesh state authorities last October released five hundred turtles...
Damn!
The reptiles were supposed to be of a docile species, said a senior government official, but it seems the breeders bungled and reared attack crocodiles.
In international news, India plans to release crocodiles in the Ganges, the holy Hindu river in which millions of people bathe annually, to scavenge for corpses, authorities said.
I'll bet.
...live in exchange for sexual favors. Police said they have identified and questioned at least four girls, all Asians twelve to fifteen years old, who have been living in the North Houston warehouse with a Vietnamese pimp since February. The girls are being treated as victims, said police Sergeant Amos Milburn. 'These are really just children,' he said, 'but they've been exposed to a lot already.
Mama... if you get in the way of me and Sailor's happiness, I'll fuckin' pull your arms out by the roots.
What if I told you not to?
Wouldn't make any difference.
What if I asked you not to?
Really, mama, I gotta go.
Don't mean him. It's Pace concerns me.
Sailor ain't a boy no more, mama.
Well, you be careful with that boy, Lula.
Figure we'll go have supper someplace. Maybe get some barbecue out by Stateline. Sailor always liked that Havana Brown's Pig Pickin'.
Got any plans?
Six.
What time's Sailor's train get in?
Course I am, mama.
You ain't takin' Pace, though.
I'm goin', mama. No way I can't go.
Mama, Sailor's in deep trouble here. I just can't leave him.
You're comin' home, precious. Santos' gonna drive us to the San Antonio airport.
Don't be crazy, mama. Take care of yourself.
Call me again soon? I'll be waitin' by the phone.
I am all right, mama. That's why I called, to let you know. I gotta go.
Lula? I love you, baby. I just want you to be all right.
I ain't that dumb, mama. Sailor and I been on a crime spree? Knockin' off convenience stores all across the south? Ain't you read about it?
No, baby, don't! Can I send you somethin'? You runnin' low on money? I'll wire you some money if you tell me where you are.
Mama, I'm hangin' up this phone now.
Argentina! Lula, you're outta your mind. Now you just tell me where you are and I'll come for you. I won't say nothin' to the police about Sailor, I promise. He can do what he wants, I don't care.
No, mama, I'm in Mexico, and we're about to get on an airplane to Argentina!
Did you run into Johnnie in New Orleans? Lula, are you in New Orleans?
Right?! Mama, was it right for you to sic Johnnie Farragut on us? How could you do that?
Really, Lula, this ain't right!
Just a place.
You in a dance hall or somethin'? I can hear music behind you.
Need me for what, mama? I'm perfectly fine, and safe, too.
Are you comin' back here soon, Lula? I need you here.
If you mean Sailor, mama, yes I am.
Why, how could I not worry? Not knowin' what's happenin' to you or where you are? Are you with that boy?
I'm fine, mama. I just wanted to tell you not to worry.
Like hell.
You know who it was and you know you aren't, and I mean ARE NOT gonna see him EVER... End of story.
Mama???
And jus when my baby's out on some Texas road with a killer.
I'm sure I wouldn't know, ma'am... and buffalo hunting too... hmmmmm?
Oh God! What does that mean?
HELL NO!!! That's the last thing we need... A buncha cops runnin' around.
Perhaps we should call a local law enforcement officer.
I don't understand this... I don't understand this one bit. He was supposed to meet me right her in this lobby. Somethin' bad has happened - I jus know it.
I'm afraid his car is gone, Mrs. Fortune.
Please Santos... Where's Johnnie?
Got word the kids are moving through Texas... I think an ending is being arranged there... Come on, lemme see a smile.
Where we goin'?
Hey... Stop the nervous cry-baby routine... You're my girl now... Santos is gonna wipe away those tears and make you happy... Come on, let's get outta here.
Santos... What's happenin' here?
Shhhhhh...  Thank you, gentlemen... I'll look after her now...
Santos... Where's J-J-Johnnie?
My very best to Johnnie... Bless his soul.
No...
I got your message... But you went right to Johnnie, didn't you?... I can't trust you, bitch - not for one minute... Naughty girl... Sailor and Lula are headed west, and guess what? There's no turning back. I'm in a killing mood.
Santos... You kill that Sailor, otherwise he's gonna turn my baby against me.
That's just another part of the price to pay.
Someone's gonna see us.
You got nice tits.
Put your shoulders back, I said.
What?
Put your shoulders back.
You fucker, don't you ever touch Lula - You fucker, I'll kill you.
Shhhh... It's all right... Also, I either take you or that pretty daughter of yours to bed.
Santos... I can't...
I'm gonna take your silence as a "yes"...
One day he's gonna find out what we're up to with Mr. Reindeer, and he could cause us a lot of trouble.
No... But...
You're not tellin' me that you're sweet on him?
Santos... No... Please, Santos...
You give me your permission to kill Johnnie Farragut.
On one condition...
Maybe I did... Try New Orleans first... Lula can't ever stop talkin' 'bout that town.
Why didn't you send Johnnie Farragut?
See! I knew you had it all under control.
Wrong! It's much better to blow a hole in the back of the head... right toward the bridge of the nose... Lots and lots of irreparable damage.
Yes.
Through the forehead?
Yes.
You want me to shoot Sailor in the brains with a gun.
No... In the brains... What little I'm sure he has.
But where in the head? Not the chin, I hope.
Yes.
Shoot Sailor in the head with a gun... Now I'm beginning to get it... You want me to shoot Sailor in the head with a gun.
In the head.
Where?
No.
Where? In the leg?
Yes.
Shoot him? Like with a gun?
Shoot him.
Explain it... I told you.
Santos...
Well, like kill him with the atomic bomb?
NO... For God's sakes, Santos!
Like an accident where maybe Lula might also get hurt?
That's your business... I don't care how.
Simple? Kill him? How?
All right... I want you... to... kill... Sailor... As simple as that.
You need to explain it.
I don't need to explain anymore'n I have... You know damn well.
Just tell me what you want.
Santos, why in hell do you insist on playin' this stupid game?
How would I do that? Send him on a trip - like maybe to Hawaii?
Yes... Get rid of him.
Get rid of him?
I want you to get rid of Sailor.
Big is the key word, and I'm telling you I want it bad.
What's with you? You know what take care of him means. I don't call Santos except for one big reason.
What does take care of him mean? Do you want me to give him food or some clothing?
Yes.
Take care of him?
I want you to take care of Sailor, so he won't ever be able to bother my baby again.
What do you want me to do about it?
Lula's gone off with Sailor.
Have it your way... But you want it.
Santos... It isn't.
Oh yeah - sure... okay.
That's not why I called.
I knew you'd want it again...
It's a prob'lm I don't think's gonna go away too soon though... Peanut, I'm thinkin' of breakin' parole and takin' you out to sunny California.
Oh, don't worry 'bout that...
You're gonna have to kill me to keep me away from Lula.
So maybe one night you got a little too close to the fire... And you're gonna get burned, baby... And besides that, you're shit... D'you think I'd let my little girl go with shit like you?... Why, you belong right here in one of these toilets.
So?
Well, Johnnie told me you used to drive for Clyde and Santos...
Whattya mean?
No... I just wanted to kiss you good- bye... You know too much 'bout little Lula's mom...
Well, she wants to fuck you.
No.
Hey, Sailor boy, you wanna fuck Lula's mama?...
...Yes you heard me... Don't ever call back here again.
What?...
There's no way in hell you can speak to her and...
...Sailor Ripley... Can I talk to Lula?
Thanks...
I ain't heard of nothin'.
Well?...
I know... I remember.
Is there a contract?... We made a deal once that we'd tip each other off if we ever heard.
Yeah... But I did... And I told you all about it...
I didn't see nothin'...
Does that girlfriend of yours know that her mama and Santos killed her daddy?  Does she know her own daddy was one of the biggest drug dealers around - till he started snortin' the shit himself?...  Does she know you was around that night her daddy was set fire to?
Life is unpredictable.
You really are one dumb asshole.
You heard right.
Heard you was goin' out with that bitch's daughter.
I think Santos or Marietta Fortune.
By who?
Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know.
Sure... I figured I'd see you sometime...
Just passin' through on my way to who knows where...
Oh... Look at this... What do you want, snakeskin?
