There you go... Must you always spoil everything!
And what about yesterday... at my house... didn't you have any feeling for me, even then?
I mean, to stay away longer -- two months... a year... three years... Yes, I know, it sounds absurd. And I feel awful. The very idea of losing you makes me want to die... And yet... I... I just don't have the same feeling for you any more.
But you just said that a month was too...
No. It's not enough... I told you before that I would like to get away for a while and be alone.
But why rattle your brains by arguing and talking... Believe me, Anna, words never help at all. They only serve to confuse. I love you, Anna. Isn't I that enough?
In this case, getting married means nothing. Aren't we already the same as being married? And Corrado and Giulia -- aren't they already the same as being married?
There will be plenty of time to talk about it later.  We'll  get married  soon.  That way we'll have more time...
But I think we should talk about it. Or are you fully convinced that we too won't understand each other?
So, it will just take you a little longer to get over it.
A little more so this time.
You'll get over it soon. It's the usual anxiety.
Sandro... A month is too long a time. I have become used to being without you.
Wait for what?
Anna... Maybe it would be better to wait a while.
Fine. Can't you see so yourself?
How are you?
What could be more restful than this?...  Excuse me, what is it that you want to try?
I'd like to find a place where I can get some peace and rest, maybe around here somewhere. I'd like to try...
What a question... Because I want to be with you, naturally. I hope he doesn't close the deal so he'll leave me alone at least for a few days... Isn't this water wonderful!
Then how come you're not with him?
I don't know... It depends on Ettore... He's now in the process of negotiating for a contract here in Sicily...
When do you have to go back?
She'll wait.
But your friend is waiting downstairs.
We'll send the raft back to you.
I'm certainly not going to swim across.
Claudia, aren't you coming?
Then why don't you try it on?
This one is gorgeous.
Which one shall I wear?
I didn't know one could sleep so well on a yacht. It lulls you ...
Yes, fairly well. But I went to bed last night planning to do some thinking about a number of things ... instead, I fell asleep.
Did you sleep well?
What! After giving us such a run around...
You know, I could just as well go without seeing him today.
If I had a man waiting for me for half an hour and whom I hadn't seen for a month ...
I'm thirsty.
But where are you going?
It's the same thing. Goodbye, dear.
Up until now, Dad, I've been the one who hasn't wanted to marry him.
You mean Sandro, don't you?  Well, I beg of you, please, spare me that. Goodbye, Dad.
You already know what they are.
And have you any other truths to tell me?
Because it's true. After thirty years -- not having ever spoken the truth to anyone, I should at least allow myself to do so with my own daughter.
But how could you say such a thing?
To the fact of my retirement, not only as a diplomat but also as a father.
Used to what?
Oh, very well. I'll just spend the weekend alone by myself and take a little rest. I should be used to it by now.
Four or five days.
And how long will you be away?
No, Dad, it isn't.
Isn't it fashionable any more to put on a sailor's cap with the name of the yacht?
Sir, if you have no objections, may we start the search?
This looks to me like a good sign. Don't you think so? As far as I'm concerned, anyone who reads the Bible could not have committed an act of impropriety. Why... as a matter of fact, I remember when I was in China, many years ago, I happened to be involved in a similar situation, concerning an English woman, the wife of Ambassador Shafford, a good friend of mine. There, too, we found a Bible... And I said at the time that whatever had happened, that clue alone had definitely ruled out the possibility of... suicide. Why, it was logical, I said, that whoever reads the Bible believes in God and therefore...  No? You don't believe it? Well, as a matter of fact, I was right... The woman was found two days later. It was a case of amnesia.
I understand very well. Only I don't want any rash assumptions to be made.
I'm sorry, sir. I didn't mean to put it that way. But, you must understand, sir, that I...
Allow me to inform you that my daughter is not a fugitive.
Without any doubt, sir. If anything belonging to the girl who has run away is still here on this island...
I presume by this method that you'll be able to uncover some new clue, either a handkerchief or an article of clothing... In other words, something which your men have not been able to find as yet.
As you wish.
But even here we were supposed to find who knows what... And all we bring back with us is a crate of cigarettes.
But how could we...at a time like this when we just... well, let's at least first have a look around the other islands. Could be that something might turn up there.
Look... I'd like to get back to Lisca Bianca.
It couldn't have come from anywhere else. At least, somewhere from that vicinity... But I really can't understand it. Contraband cigarettes on that island! It's the first time that ever happened.
And you say that came from Lisca Bianca?
These people are contemptible. They have no sense of dignity at all.
It takes about twenty to twenty-two hours for the current to reach here from Lisca Bianca.
It's already two hours... What are we going to do?
What were you and Anna arguing about?... Excuse me for being so indiscreet, but this is serious...
Maybe you'd better ask him.
Really! Still, it remains to be seen why she invented a shark. What was her purpose in that?
But Anna wouldn't be staying with the kind of people who live here.
Somebody must live here!
Then why don't we go up and see the ruins?
There's no comparison.
More so than the shark?
I think you're very sweet, Corrado.
That's Patrizia's way of letting us know she's with us.
How wonderful!
All I said was that it sounds like a good idea.
Have you decided?
Well, what?
Well?
At the ruins. They're very ancient, you know.
At what?
Say, Claudia, wouldn't you like to climb up with me and take a look over there?
Sounds like the name of a fish -- merluzzo, basiluzzo...
That must be Basiluzzo.
What is that one over there called?
I deserve it.
I don't love you.
Tell me once more.
I love you.
Good night. Tell me that you love me.
Good night, my love.
Late, very late.
You're that sleepy, eh? What time do expect to get up tomorrow?
Sleep is something one must learn to overcome. I learned how to do it when I was a child. I never slept. And I had friends who even slept less than I did. The one who went to bed first, paid a penalty. And we really didn't do anything. After seeing a movie, we'd go to a cafe and discuss things for a while... then we'd sit down on a bench somewhere... listen to some drunkard... watch them putting up posters or manifestoes...or look at the sheep passing by... or go for a stroll around the market place... Or else we'd go and wake up some girl in the neighborhood by standing in front of her window and calling out her name...
I'm too sleepy.
Why?
Sandro, I'm not coming down.
You said you wanted to quit working for Ettore.
Aren't you going to change?
Sandro, listen... Try not to get yourself too involved tomorrow.
I don't doubt it. But at a time like this we're the least suitable persons to be with him. And as far as telephoning him... Who knows where he is?
No, Sandro... We should go. Besides, we haven't been in touch with anybody. Not even with Anna's father. We should have at least sent a wire or telephoned... let's be fair, he must be feeling awfully lonely.
Yes, she started to but I didn't feel like staying to listen to what she had to say. If we had to listen to everybody...
Did the hotel manager speak to you about that place nearby?
Oh, Sandro... I want everything you do. But...
I was only joking, really... Can't I make a joke? And now you've got to tell me why you don't want to.
What are you saying?
And aren't you pleased?... That way you'll have a new kind of adventure.
Sandro, wait a moment, just one moment... You seem like an entirely different person ...
No reason why...
Why?
No, Sandro... Please...
Nothing.
Sandro ...What's the matter?
Okay. In a few minutes.
Then I'll see you later.
So, you wonder why?
But you know it already. Why must I tell you?
As soon as you're ready, you can come down and catch up with me. I'll be waiting for you right outside on the square.
And you leave me here all alone... in this hotel room...
Yes, yes, yes, yes... Right away...
Hurry up now, or it'll begin to get hot outside...
But why am I so infatuated with you?
So... Oh, how I wish that everything were so much simpler... that people could just come together by the color of their hair or the size of their shoes. What size shoe do you wear? Size 9. That's a very lovely size. But I'm sorry, I wear size 8.
That's why I asked you...
And are you sure you want to marry me? Are you really sure...that you want to marry... me?
You look at me as though I had said something foolish...
What do I say? What can I say? No. At least, not yet. I don't know... I can't even think of it... at a time like this... Oh, but why did you have to ask me?
Yes. We'll get married. You and I. What do you say?
What! Get married?
Claudia, let's get married?
I don't know about that. And then, who's interested in beautiful things nowadays?
I'm sure you'd be able to design some very lovely things.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Once they gave me a job to draw up an estimate for the construction of a school. It took me only a day and a half to finish it, and I got paid six million lire. Ever since then I've been doing estimates for other people's designs.
And why did you drop them?
Really, I've got to stop this business with Ettore... I would like to go back and start working on my own projects again. You know, I had many ideas...
So, even if I did say them, I was sincere with her, as I am now with you.
But just think -- the very same things you had said to her who knows how many times... maybe even just before we left, while I was waiting outside your place...
Good. It's better if it were absurd. That would mean nothing much can be done about it.
Because what I'm doing is so ugly ... Because if you told me right now: "Claudia, I love you," I would believe you...
Then why do you say them?
Oh no... It doesn't please me at all...
Does it please you to say such things?
Oh, Sandro... I'm so ashamed of myself, so ashamed...I tried to hide myself...I feel so small... I hate myself ...
What is it, Claudia?
Don't think that I want to save myself from any embarrassment, from the awkwardness of meeting Anna... It's not that; it's that you can say certain things easier if you're alone. Please, Sandro, do try to understand me... It would look like I was trying to influence you, to force you, to control you... and that makes me feel uncomfortable...
Are you joking?
Sandro ... maybe it's best that you go in alone.
Who knows why they all left...
Let's get out of here, fast... This is not a town, it's a cemetery.
Yes... but it's all so conflicting... However, there is some slight indication...
Any news?
But why, Claudia?... Why?
Promise that you won't try to look for me... you shouldn't try to look for me any more...
No, Sandro, please... I ask you as a favor...
Claudia, listen to me...
Me... I... I... Please leave me alone.
And what about you?
No, I'm sure it won't. Move over there. Let's make believe nothing happened. And when we get to the next station, get off.
I think the only way to help ourselves, Claudia, is for us to be together.
But it's so sad. So terribly sad. I'm not used to it, I'm not ready for it... You know... I have never been so upset in my life. Sandro, why don't you help me?
It takes even less.
For me they are exactly as they were when we met three days ago -- just three days ago... don't you realize? And you and Anna... No, I guess they aren't like that any more. My God, is it possible to forget in such a short time, for things to change so quickly?
I'm sorry. I didn't want to sound cynical. But isn't it better to look things squarely in the eye?
Oh, Sandro...
I have no desire to sacrifice myself... It's idiotic to sacrifice oneself... Why?... For whom? If Anna were here I might understand your scruples. But she's not...
But sooner or later we've got to end this relationship. And it's better to do it right now.
I don't know why. I just couldn't help it.
Sandro, I don't want you to come with me, I don't want to see you... How can I make it clear to you?...Why did you come?
But then when will we see each other?
Yes, you should go.
Yes. I had also thought of going there to talk with them...
Have you read it?... They're asking for anyone with information to get in touch with them.
Then I'll go with you.
Yes.
Where are you going?... To Montaldo's?
Yes, maybe that is better.
I think that you might go and have a look yourself.
I know. I keep asking myself what I could have done to prevent all this from happening.
And yet, she seemed to feel that our love for her -- mine, yours, even her father's, in a certain sense -- weren't enough for her, or didn't mean much to her.
Occasionally, but always with affection.
Has she ever spoken to you about me?
Yes, very much so.
You're very fond of Anna, aren't you?
I'm sorry about last night. Please forgive me.
Are you feeling better?
Rather than being so occupied with my thoughts, you would have been better off trying to understand what Anna was thinking.
And I suppose it's my fault... Why don't you tell him that too. That's what you believe, isn't it?
But why don't you tell him?  A girl who was with us has disappeared.
Nothing... nothing at all!
And how do you explain that?
Nothing but the usual argument... The only thing was -- if I remember correctly -- that she said she had a need to be alone.
I... I don't know... I didn't think it was worthwhile... She was laughing over it...
And why do you tell us this only now?
As far as I'm concerned, I think she's alive... Why, even this morning... that business about the shark... it wasn't at all true.
No.
Find anything?
Could be. They're the kind of people who are capable of anything.
I'm beginning to have my doubts. It couldn't be that they're in love?
And why haven't they left each other?
Twelve years ... But why haven't they married?
Oh, no... please... not here.  It looks too dangerous.
Shall we go for a swim?
And that's what I say, too. We could have all been killed.
There's nothing much to laugh at.
But of course... arrogant, haughty... Hasn't Anna ever told you?
How should I be ... arrogant?
Don't be so humble.
That seems to apply to you also...
I have a feeling that you're not used to being alone.
Yes, you're right. I'm sick and tired of being like that.
You should never wish to get melodramatic over anything.
Just several days ago, the thought of Anna being dead would have made me sick. And now, I don't even cry, I'm afraid she might be alive. Everything is becoming so damned simple and easy, even to deprive one's self of pain and suffering.
Now, listen. For God's sake, try not to let yourself become obsessed with that idea. Go to your room and get back into bed.
But what's gotten into you?... We would have known. Sandro must be out in the garden somewhere, taking a breath of fresh air, or watching the break of dawn. It would be a lovely surprise indeed if he turned out to be the sentimental type.
I'm afraid that Anna has come back. I feel she's back, and that they're together.
More or less, we are all afraid. Especially at night.
Patrizia, I'm afraid.
Would you please see if Sandro is with him? He's not in his room. I'm sorry to disturb you.
I imagine he must be inside sleeping.
Patrizia... Patrizia ... Where's Ettore?
It means being without money.
What do you mean by sensible?
My childhood, instead, was a very sensible one.
You shouldn't always take me seriously. Actually, I'm used to it by now. First my mother and now my husband; both of them are like dynamos.
How do you manage to put up with all this confusion? You always said people bore you.
Quieter? Oh, yes, of course.
Shouldn't we try to find a quieter place?
But then why did you bother changing?
I'm not coming.
No.
Do you consider that a compliment?
You say that just to flatter me.
It's divine!
It was futile. We went all over.
But where did you finally end up?
But aren't you tired? I can just about manage to stand on my feet!  Raimondo!
I just can't leave without first searching those islands, one by one.
To do what?
I'm going with the patrol boat to make a tour around the islands.
Calm?... He doesn't seem so to me... He was awake all night.
What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.
Not really... It's suffocating in here... Shall we go out?
Have you ever been in love?
One would have to be in love with somebody to know that.
He amuses me. I don't know of anything more amusing. Outside of this jigsaw puzzle. Don't you find it so, Claudia?
Oh no; quite the contrary. He's really just a child.
I would say he's pretty depraved.
Tell me, Claudia, what do you think of Raimondo?
Better dead.
Well, with a shark running loose around the place, I for one won't get aboard that raft! They'll have to catch it first. I want to see it right here before my feet, dead or alive.
I think all you have to do, Giulia, is to close the door.
Now what do I have to do to be left in peace?
It couldn't be any clearer.
And tell Corrado, too, that I'm here... if he wants me. You can also tell him that my tiny little heart is beating like mad, and that at this moment, it's the only thing that interests me. Is that clear?
But why all nudes?
They're all nudes, if I'm not mistaken.
Please, do come... Don't leave me alone with him. He's capable of... I don't know... Have you noticed his eyes?
But for what reason should I come there?
Please, you come too...
To the shark.
Who are you talking to?
When one approaches fifty, my dear, he is affected only by the cold.
But how can you carry on a discussion in this heat?
Really! So that you can stuff it with your geraniums.
Corrado, why don't you ask them to give it to us as a gift?
We, too, you know. It was disastrous. First at Panarea, where there weren't any boats... then at Lipari, where everybody was asleep... And the phone call to Rome...
What do you think?
How did you spend the night?... In that hut?... And what did you have to eat?
If it rains, I'll buy myself an umbrella.
But why?... What if it starts to rain?
I'll stay here also.
Please, Giulia; must you always emphasize the obvious? I can see for myself that the weather is changing.
Looks like the weather is changing.
Giulia, that remark is not worthy of our twelve years of honest concubinage. I repeat, once and for all, and publicly, that I admire you. Does that please you?
He never misses a chance to humiliate me, to let me know that he doesn't care about me any more.
But Corrado...  If something is beautiful why shouldn't one say so?
Do you know why? Because if you saw those ruins I'm sure you would have said they were very, very beautiful. You always say "how beautiful" to everything -- whether it's the sea, or a baby, or a cat! You have such a sensitive little heart that it throbs for anything.
Why didn't you ask me to go with you?
Who's moving?
There's a shark in the area. Don't move from where you are!
What happened?
You must know your third grade geography book inside out.
At one time the Aeolian isles were all volcanoes.
I detest comparisons made with oil.
It's as smooth and slick as oil.
I'll go even further and say that her presence here -- I don't want to sound offensive -- could be a great hindrance.
Claudia, I know how you feel, but there are already two of us staying...
Then let's get started... It's senseless to waste any more time.
Let's try to be practical about this. The best thing to do is for all of you to go to the closest island that has a police station, or something, and report the disappearance. I'll remain here... because... well, I don't know, but it seems to me that something may turn up. Anyway, I just don't feel like leaving.
Me?... I no longer have any interest in building... And, then, where can you find boulders of rock like this in Milan?
It's really a fact -- there's nothing new under the sun. Now, look here. Look at this structure... a kind of natural shelter. Sandro, that's how you should design your houses.
Well, we're still in Italy, you know!
There too...
I'm going ashore to take a look around the island. There are some ruins up there...
I think it's possible.
Listen, Marshal... As for there being reasons for going away, anyone of us might have three thousand of them. So you can assume that she had them. What I want to know, is it possible that the smugglers might have taken her aboard?
But for what reason would she have wanted to go away?
I was saying... it might even be possible that Anna had left with them.
I wonder where they could have unloaded the stuff ... Maybe right here at Lisca.
So... the boat we saw yesterday afternoon might have also been that of these smugglers. Could it be possible, then, that Anna...?
Up until now those smugglers were operating only around the Palermo area. This will be a nice surprise for the Lieutenant in Milazzo... Call up headquarters. Bring them up to date and have them give you instructions on what to do with this crate.
We'll try again.
And what are we going to do now?
Yes, yes, of course.
And you expect to find him in here? Go and ask Claudia.
Nothing, nothing  at all. I was just looking for Sandro.
What is it?
Ettore...
It wouldn't really do you any harm to skip a meal.
First let the poor thing have something to eat.
This is Claudia, Anna's friend...  You've never met my husband, have you?
And who is this?
I know we are. But as the years go by, we become even worse. Isn't that so, Corrado?
You men are all so dreadful!
Giulia, don't you understand that the more involved you become with people, the more difficult it is to speak with them?
The trouble with you is that nobody can speak to you, that's all.
Ask her.
Where is she going?
What has everybody got against me this morning?
Let's see you dive from the top of those rocks, Giulia. That would be really sensational.  Come on, Giulia ... your life is much too circumscribed.
I appeal to you more?
But I want to paint you. You appeal to me more.
But why me?... Ask Claudia, she's much more beautiful than me.
Answer me, why don't you try posing? I'll paint you a beautiful portrait.
Don't you ever paint men?
Me... Goffredo, you're mad!  He's mad.
Why don't you try?
But how could they pose like that? I couldn't.
It's strange how anxious women are to display themselves. It's almost a natural inclination.
I thought the model was something obsolete nowadays. Didn't you, Claudia?
Oh, there are as many as one wants.
And where do you find the models?
Because there is no landscape as beautiful as a woman.
Here I am.
Giulia...
Anybody can hold a brush in his hand. All you need is to buy some oils and start painting. Even Rembrandt did the same.
Goffredo is the Princess' nephew. He's eighteen years old, the lucky boy. And, what do you know -- he paints.
I ... I ... wasn't feeling well ... I.. I was sleeping... I don't know anything ... I ... I'm all mixed up and ...
Now look, my men saw it and they also saw you men throwing those crates overboard. What have you got to say about that?
What other boat?
Now, we're getting somewhere! They're beginning to contradict each other.  Now look here, your friend just swore to me that you weren't able to do any fishing at all because the sea was too rough... And what about the other boat?
Yes, sir. Three times.
So that's why you've turned to smuggling, eh? You need the money. Now, I can help you. I can see that you get some assistance from the government. But first there's a little formality we've got to take care of. Just a few questions and then we can all go to lunch... Your friend tells me you dropped anchor three times...
Yes, sir. My sister is sick... and my father, too.
They tell me you have a lot of trouble at home. Is that right?
Ah, no... For me, love comes first. I'm a man, and I know what's what: first love, and then music.
Music, of course. To get a sweetheart, one has to look around, but to get a radio, all you have to do is buy one.
But for you, what comes first: music or love?
Certainly a radio this small is very practical. It's especially useful for... I don't know... for traveling.
Because this is a Chinese radio.
And why wouldn't we have one like this?
No, not like this one.
We have a radio like this, too.
They told me that you were a very nice girl, that you always mind your business... In other words, things of that sort.
And what did they say about me?
So? That's logical. You see, both being gardeners, they spoke about you to one another.
Then it's impossible for her to know me. In the villa where I'm at, we have a male gardener.
Yes, she takes care of the garden.
And who is she? Does she work in Catania?
I tell you this acquaintance of mine knows you and she has often spoken to me about you.
I work there but I'm really a stranger.
I know, I know. One thing at a time.
Another thing; there's an old man who lives here on the island...
Don't worry, we've got everything.
Look, Marshal, with those deep crevasses, you'll need some rope and ladders...
Very well. First of all, I'll have them search the waters around the island. I brought two frogmen with me... Meanwhile, we'll take a look up around here.
Unfortunately, no.
Anything new develop?
Don't mention it... Pleased to be of service any time.
Thank you.
There's the Trinacria Hotel... or the Regina, near the municipal building. As for rooming houses, I don't know...
Then you should also be able to tell me where a young girl might stay in Noto; are there any hotels or rooming houses?
Well...probably at the last stop, which is Noto.
And do you remember where she got off?
I only exchanged a few casual words with her, as one would ordinarily do on a public bus...
Early? Is four in the morning early for you?
And how come you're up so early?
At this time of the year there are so many boats...
Just a moment ago... didn't you hear the sound of a motor?
What boat?
Whose boat is that?
From Panarea. Why?
But where did you come from?
No. The owners are in Australia.
Are you the owner of this place?
Yes, even I had a mother. She was part Austrian, but she was still my mother. My childhood was like a tennis match; they bounced me back and forth, here and there...
Your mother?
Oh, no, not at all. And then you know very well that he'll forgive you anything; just as long as you admit to him that you're a worse driver than he is...
Ettore must be fed up with me by now.
You should have told Ettore. He always manages to get what he wants.
They didn't seem too good.
Did you manage to find good rooms?
Yes, we will.
And here's Sandro.  Why don't you two go upstairs and change?
Good. Then I'll meet you there.
We've decided to go to Montaldo's place. In fact, Ettore should already be there.
I'll go and get my valise.
What do you want us to do? I don't know myself... But we'll do something.
Patrizia, what are you going to do?
I don't see why I should mind.
Listen, Patrizia... The Marshal says there's a current that passes by here and ends up at another island... I don't know which... He wants to send one of his men over to have a look... One never knows... Do you mind if I ask Raimondo to go with him?
But you have to  consider all possibilities, Sandro.
Anna is an excellent swimmer. Even with a cramp, she would have managed to reach shore somehow.
Perhaps she wasn't feeling well... Maybe a cramp or something...
Claudia isn't coming with us. Will you please take care of her luggage? Thanks.
Here I am, Patrizia. I'm always here.
Take it easy, Raimondo. Why are you getting so impatient?
You've made some mistake there with the bushes... that's why you can't finish it.
I know, dammit, I know!  And just think -- if there ever was a woman so right, so perfectly cut out for all kinds of dissipations, degradations, infidelities... of.. . of... of debaucheries, it's her. Well, anyway, she's faithful. Faithful out of laziness... of unwillingness.
You know, I don't love anybody.
Patrizia, don't start in again... I would rather be called depraved. Unless you happen to love children.
If women's breasts were colored, yours would be blue...
Now, tell the truth, aren't you a bit disappointed?... But I already told you...
I detest it. But, after all, what can you do... It's the latest...and I try my best to adapt myself.
Raimondo... Do you enjoy fishing underwater?
Lady Patrizia!
Why have we stopped?
Then let's call it a business proposition. Something to round out your salary.
Pardon me, but why must I do you a favor?
You really must do me this one favor.
Yes, but why do you think our readers would be interested in such news now? Even if I sent it, the editors wouldn't print it.
Yes... of course... But you should also print that in your paper... But right away, tomorrow morning... It's the local Palermo paper, isn't it?... I mean, it's widely read...
About fifty miles or so. If you want, I'll give you the name of the storekeeper.
Is that far from here?
Who knows?... Another one has it that she entered a store in Troina. This information comes from the storekeeper himself who stated that such and such a girl had bought I don't know what in his store... at Troina.
Is that possible?
As a matter of fact, I've already had several phone calls on that article. One said they had seen the missing girl in an automobile somewhere in Rome. Another one said they saw her on the pier talking with some strange sailors... Could be she secretly left the island by boat...
Now listen, if I had any information, I wouldn't have come here to ask you. But I see that you, too, lack any information ...
Oh... I'm sorry I have to rush but I've got to write a story about this thing that just happened... Tell me exactly how it all turned out.
I read one of your articles regarding the disappearance of a girl. I'm that girl's fianc.
No, I'm not. Why do you think she does all this? It's one of the many ways she can put herself on display. When you bait the trap, the mouse will snap. To tell you the truth,  if it wasn't for the fact that one hundred thousand lire represents my whole month's salary, well... But you had something you wanted to ask me?
You're kidding!
She costs a hundred thousand lire.
Wait a moment. Can't you see I'm busy?
I would like to ask you something.
Yes. Until proven otherwise.
Zuria?
