No.  Just some horrible dreams about smothering.  Where are we?
Do you remember the pyramid?
... I don't know...
Dell, what's the last thing you can remember?
Not exactly, just feel like somebody's been beating me with rubber hoses for about six years.
Are you in pain?
Not sitting on our butts in here, that's for sure.
There could be a whole city out there and we'd never see it.
Or something will be able to see us.
Good!  Maybe we'll be able to see something then.
Nine hundred meters and dropping. 800.  700.  Hang on gentlemen.
Engines off.
Kill drive engines.
Locked.
Hell, no!  We don't know what's down there on that piece of rock!  It might be dangerous!  What we should do is get on the radio to the exploration authorities... and let them deal with it.
Hell, we're equipped --
If there is some kind of alien intelligence down on that planetoid, it'd be a serious mistake for us to blunder in unequipped.
I'm not kidding.  You can get one if you have the credit.  Look just like real cows, too.
Cattle ranch!
I'm going to buy a cattle ranch.
Yeah, it's you all right.
I feel like shit...
Is that you, Roby?
Oh... God... am I cold...
<u>OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD</u>!
Breathe deeply.
I don't know... I'm getting these <u>CRAMPS</u>!
What's wrong?
I think that's a pretty reasonable request.
I'm really starving; can we get some food before we go into the freezers?
God I'm hungry.
Hell, you're in great shape, you've got your sense of humor back!
Don't remember nothing.  Can't hardly remember my name.
Don't you remember?
Wretched.  What happened to me?
How do you feel, Dell?
Yeah, but this is hard work.  Can't talk now.
What was that Dell, I lost you, do you read me?
Yeah, I'm okay.  Haven't hit bottom yet.  Definitely a column of warm air rising; it keeps the shaft clear of dust.
Are you okay in there?
Take care.
Okay, I'm in the mouth of the chimney now, and I'm starting down.
No, I want to go in.
Dell, you want to come down, we can figure out where to go from here.
Can you see anything in the hole?
No, it's too small, only room enough for one person.
Can we come up?
Sure.
You want to try?
Maybe we can get in by the top.
What is it, I can't --
I was scanning the horizon to see what I could pick up.  Look there, on that screen.
Take a look.
What is it?
I'm on my way.
Well, the sun just came up again, and it seems the wind's died down. It's as clear as a bell outside. There's something I think you ought to see.
What's up?
Chaz, this is Dell.  Can you come topside for a minute?
This is Chaz.
But functioning.
Just machinery.
No, you'll follow me.
I'll go first.
Martin, we're going in.  I'm going to hold the conversation to a minimum from here on.
Looks like a derelict.
Appears to be a door hanging open, the entrance is clogged with debris.
Receiving.
I'm sending.  Do you hear me?
Martin, would you run me an atmospheric?
Close enough to walk to!
Drop begins... now!  Fifteen kilometers and dropping... twelve... ten... eight and slowing.  Five. Three.  Two.  One kilometer and slowing.  Lock tractor beams.
Then take her down.
It's... basalt.  Rock.
Is it solid?
Well, line of sight is impossible due to dust.  Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise.  Infrared -- noise.  Let's try ultraviolet.  There. Flat.  It's totally flat.  A plain.
What's the terrain down there?
Approaching point of origin.  Closing at 20 kilometers, 15 and slowing. Ten.  Five.  Gentlemen, we are directly above the source of the transmission.
Activated.  Vertical drop checked. Correcting course.  On tangential course now, orbiting.  Crossing the terminator.  Entering night side.
Activate lifter quads.
I'll see what I can do.
Dell, I want greater magnification. More surface detail.  I want to see what this place looks like.
There are no commercial lanes out here.  Face it, we're out of range.
Except it will take 75 years to get a reply back.  Don't forget how far we are from the Colonies, Martin.
Point eight six.  We can walk on it.
Gravity?
Yeah.  Two hours.
Any rotation?
That's what I'm going to do.
Can you get it a little closer?
Just short of Zeta II Reticuli.  We haven't even reached the outer rim yet.
Where the hell are we?
I got it.  Oh boy.
Dell, plot our location.
I don't recognize that constellation.
Sandy, scan the whole sky.
Where's Irth?
Yes.  There are two points of salient interest.  Number one: it is highly systematized, indicating intelligent origin.  Number two: certain sounds are inconsistent with the human palate.
Just <u>hold it</u>, <u>hold it</u>!  Computer: have you attempted to analyze the transmission?
Unknown.
Computer, what language was that?
Play it for us, please.
I have recorded the transmission.
A voice transmission.
A transmission?
I have intercepted a transmission of unknown origin.
Computer, this is Captain Standard. What conditions are you talking about?
The reaction has proceeded too far. The core has begun to melt.  Engines will overload in 2 minutes, 35 seconds.
Computer!  I've turned all the cooling units back on!  What's wrong?
Hold it, I can't hear a damn thing!
I have a temporary sequence on the monitor --
Yes!
It is none of the 678 dialects spoken by technological man.
Unknown!  What do you mean?
I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise.
What?  <u>Why</u>?
I have interrupted the course of the voyage.
It's still in the ship?
It's monstrous -- it grew, like some horrible tapeworm.  We were completely unprepared.
Dead!
Dead.
What happened?  Where's Sandy?
All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure.
Where does that go?
Bulbs burned out, nobody bothered to replace 'em.
What happened to the lights?
That way.
Okay.
Machine's screwed up, I can't tell. Needle's spinning all over the dial.
Where's it coming from?
We have to avoid injuring it.  What we really need is some electric animal prods.
We could cut a section out of that metallite netting.  It won't hold up to that acid, but aside from that it's pretty strong.
Shit...
But we can't kill it.  If we kill it, it will spill all its body acids right through our hull and out into space.
I didn't say it was bad for you, it's just kind of sickening, that's all.
Yes, I know what they make it out of, so what?  It's food now.  <u>You're</u> eating it.
You know what they make this stuff out of?
It grows on you.
You like this shit?
It couldn't translate the whole thing, only three phrases.  I'll just read it to you the way I got it:  "... HOSTILE... SURVIVAL... ADVISE DO NOT LAND... "  And that's all it could translate.
What do you mean?
The computer's translated the alien signal, and it's kind of alarming.
Why, what's wrong?
Jay, we've got a problem.  I was wondering if there was any way you could shortcut the repairs and give us immediate takeoff capability.
Yes?  What is it?
Yeah, okay.  Go ahead.
Sorry to interrupt, but I'm gonna charge up the engines for a minute, okay?
Not <u>they</u>... <u>he</u>...
What?
<u>He</u> died.
How's it coming on the engines?
Yeah!
Hello, Faust!
Right.  Talk to you.
Well, get started.
Hard to say.
How long to fix?
Has the hull been breached?
Just a minute, hold it, I'm checking.
Right.
Well, uh... good luck.  I hope you won't need me, but if you do, I'm here.
-- And the cooling unit on the other.
That one section of the ventilator shaft has only two outlets -- you notice?  The food storage room on one end --
The water will still recycle.
And then we run out of food and oxygen.
What was that?  What the Christ was that?
Oh, no.  Oh, no.
Well, we should at least be able to each buy our own planet.
Boy do I feel a lot better.  It's a straight shot back to the Colonies, and then we can start taking bids on the paydirt.  Any bets on the top bid?
Is it alive?
Oh -- God -- oh --
Don't know -- maybe we'll be real lucky and he just broke his neck.  I knew we shouldn't of come down here.
Hurt!  How?
Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow.
What the hell's going on?
And be right back.
Right. 
All right... but do <u>not</u> go below decks.
You just sealed it off; it can't get to that section.
No, I don't want us separated.
There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge.  I'll go get it.
Right.
Meet us on the bridge.  Be careful -- it's <u>huge</u> now.
Hey, are you guys still there? What's going on?
Poison gas...
So it's trapped in between -- now we have to drive it out.
Well we better do something.
It looks completely different from the first one -- it's more like a worm with legs... and tentacles.
All right -- Roby and Melkonis will go with Faust.  Hunter and I will make up the second team.
It's clear.
I hope not.
Might even incinerate the damn thing.
No, we can't afford to lose that much oxygen.  We're going to have to flush it out.
We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship.  That would kill it.
So does anybody have any suggestions?
I kind of like it.
Oh it's okay.  I've had better cag than this, but I've had worse too, if you know what I mean.
Just hold us together till we're in space, that's all!
This dust is getting clogged in the intakes again!
The engines are fixed.
What?
Hey, guess what?
Here, let me try.
It's really on there tight.
Right.
Then why the hell are you sitting around here?
Oh -- I'm not near ready yet.
And when will you be ready to do that?
Well... I'm going to have to blow the engines out...
Jay... how's it coming on the repairs?
Damn it!  How long to fix?
Martin, this is Jay.  The intakes are clogged with dust.  We overheated and burned out a whole cell.
We'd be sitting ducks in the freezers.
We can't go into hypersleep with that thing running around loose.
You can't tell -- that kind of stuff could represent printed circuits...
It's a crude symbolic language -- looks primitive.
Isn't there some way we can get it off him?
It makes me sick to see him like that.
Hell of a defense mechanism.  You don't dare kill it.
But this thing uses it for <u>blood</u>.
I never saw anything like that in my life... except molecular acid.
It's eating a hole in the floor!
God, that smoke's poisonous!
How about cutting it off?  We can't pull it loose, but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer, where it's stuck to his face.
We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it.  At least right now it's keeping him alive.
Well, can't we kill it?  I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him.
We can't expect to understand a life form like this.  We're out of our back yard.  Things are different here.
Yeah, but how?  His nose and mouth are blocked.
Blood's thoroughly oxygenated.
How does he breathe?
<u>He's</u> the only one that knows that.
Where did it come from?
Yeah... well, maybe he should have.  I mean, you brought the goddamn thing in here.  Maybe <u>you</u> deserve to get slapped.
He wouldn't open the lock; he was going to leave us out there.
I can't, the acid will pour out!
The flamethrower!
Let me go first; you stay behind me.
It must have stopped moving.  I'm not getting anything.
Whoever's doing the herding is gonna have their hands pretty full.  I think somebody should stay by the lifeboat to slam the door on the thing once it's inside, and to serve as... as... 
Well... now we have to herd that thing up here.
What we really need is some red meat in here for bait.
It will be.
No... the risk is too great.  Perhaps after we've destroyed the thing.
Should we go outside and bring him in?
The ship's gravitational attraction must have drawn him back.
Right.  We've got a lot to accomplish.  Let's get moving.
The flamethrower needs more fuel.
You can't say that; I think it's a good plan.
We can load the lifeboat up with explosives and trigger them remotely, once the lifeboat is in space.
Good!  That's good!
If we could just get the <u>creature</u> into the lifeboat, we could launch it into space and blow it up.
It's time for drastic remedies.
<u>How</u>?
I don't buy that.  There's still time to destroy it and get ourselves in the freezers.
Oh no!  We can't fight this thing! There's only six hours of air left -- we're dead men!
Does anybody know what happened?
Oh my God.
We've got six hours left.
Thing is, I'm about out of fuel.
That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship, but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock.
Listen, it sure didn't like this flamethrower.
At least it can't get up here now.
We'd better seal off the lower maintenance level; at least trap it there. 
Got a better idea?
Sounds like a rough one.
While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net.
The only other thing I can think of is for somebody to crawl in there and flush it out.
We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit!  It'll flood the whole ship!
Don't be an idiot.
Maybe we don't have to.  It's trapped in there.  We could just leave it in there all the way back to Irth.
How do we locate the creature?
Don't worry, it won't damage it, it'll just give it a little incentive.
Good.  Get on it.  But first, I'm issuing a standing order: from this moment forth, every one of us will wear protective garments, including helmets.  Let's get down to the locker and change.
I think I could cobble something together.  A long metal rod with a battery in it.  Give it a hell of a shock.
Good.
The machine will bring his temperature down.  His vital functions are strong.
Can you do anything for him?
Yes.
Still unconscious?
He's running a fever.
How's Broussard?
Yes?
Maybe we can catch it.
Well, what the hell good can we do in here?  We can't grab it -- it might jump on us --
No, don't open the door.  We don't want it escaping.
The door was closed.  It must still be in here.
Now we're in for it.
Maybe it wasn't always dead.
How could anything be indigenous to this asteroid?  It's dead.
Well, those things out there aren't the same, you know -- the spaceship and the pyramid.  They're from different cultures and different races.  That ship just landed here -- crashed like we did.  The pyramid and the thing from it are indigenous.
What do you mean?
You know, it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form, and now we run into a veritable zoo.
I'll come with you.
I'll do it.  The rest of you continue.
Careful, don't get under it!
There.  Should be coming through about there.
Ask him.
Hey now, what is this?
It wouldn't come.
That thing, God almighty, didn't you try to get it off him?
Well, how does it feel to be rich men?
Boy, that's terrific.
It's over, Hunter.
Thanks for the thought. 
If you press the button right now, it will blow the whole nose of the ship off.
Is it armed?
Just keep your finger off the button till she's way away from the ship, that's all.
Hey look, somebody has to have his hands free to lock the creature in the lifeboat!
Isn't "bait" the word you used?
I should hope so!  And we'd better make sure it's pretty far from the ship when we blow it.
This should do it.
It's not going to work.
We can use the flamethrower.
I think it's going to be almost impossible to drive it up into the lifeboat.
Our lives are more important. Anyway, we can take a small amount of the most valuable stuff with us on the lifeboat.
What about all the minerals and elements in the cargo hold?  That's the only reason we came out here. We'd have to abandon them all.  We'd be broke.
And the creature with it.  We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat.
Blow the ship up?
I've got an idea, but you're not going to like it.
We can't kill it on board.  It's huge now and must have tremendous amounts of that acid in its body.
You will notice, though, that there are no more phases.  Only four forms are shown.  After that the pattern repeats.
... And Broussard got caught in their reproductive cycle.
And right next to it, that oval design with the markings -- it's a dead ringer for the spore casings.
Well... I suppose that star-shaped thing could be the parasite that got on Broussard.  Is that what you mean?
In symbolic form... very stylized... but if you stare at it, you can see some of the different creatures we've been dealing with.
Recognizable!  In that?
We sure need this flamethrower.
Don't count on it.
It was horrible -- horrible.  Like a chicken.
You mean his body was still kicking when it ran off with him?
Listen, hadn't somebody better check on Broussard?
What common objects?
The same thing must've happened to the creatures on the other ship... except they took one of those jars on board, and opened it there.
That must have been when he got it.
Hey!  what about the film?
This is horrible.
I think it's fizzled out.
What's happening up here?
It doesn't make any sense.  It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive.
I think that's how it's getting oxygen to him.
Oh... God...
It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat.
What is it -- I can't tell anything --
Look at that.
I guess I had it coming.  Let's call it settled.
I keep my mouth pretty much shut, but I don't like hitting.
Jay, this is Cleave!  Meet me at the main air lock!
Oh no.
Three blips!  They're coming this way!
How many?
I've got 'em!  They're back on my screens!
Just can that crap!  I'm in command here till Chaz returns!  And nobody's leaving this ship!
Why, you chickenshit bastard --
We can't spare the personnel.  We've got minimum takeoff capability right now.  That's why Chaz left us on board.
But they don't know about the translation!  They could be in danger right now.
We're not going anywhere.
What do you mean, no?
No.
I'm getting nowhere.  The whole area around the pyramid is dead to transmission.  I think we should go after them.
The computer just translated the goddamn message.  It's not an S.O.S. It was a warning.
What?  What was that?
I'm trying.
Can you get them back?
I've completely lost their signal.
Now what's wrong?
And you and I will bag it, and then we'll take it to the ventral air lock, got it?
Okay.
All right, then -- when it gets to the other side of the door, you sing out, then drop the door.  Okay?
They're getting pretty close now.
Let's get moving with this net.
They're on the next level up.
Are they close?
I've got Hunter... and something else as well, in front of him.
Come on -- let's go above and see how they're coming with the gear.
We're the new pioneers, Chaz.  We even have our own special diseases.
I can see you're putting your spare time to good use.  Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough, they'll be peeling you off a wall.  I've seen it happen.
Time and space have no meaning out here.  We're living in Einsteinian equation.
We came out there, we'll go back.  A long time by the clock, but a short time to us.
We can't even radio for help; the carrier wave wouldn't reach its destination till long after we'd died and turned to dust.  We are utterly, absolutely alone.  Can anybody really visualize such a scale of distances?  Halfway across Creation...
That's the one about the albatross, right?
I was thinking of a line from an old poem: "Water, water everywhere, but not a drop to drink."  All that space out there, and we're trapped in this ship.
I thought I'd find you here.
We'll have to trap it somehow.  If we had a really strong piece of net, we could bag it.
And what do we do when we find it?
Room by room, corridor by corridor.
How?
We've got about a week left, right?
Well, I kind of hate to point it out, but all our supplies are based on us spending a strictly limited amount of time out of suspended animation... and as you know, we used up most of that time in harvesting.
We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship.
Maybe we could write it together.
The commander normally has first publication rights.
I'm going to write a book about this expedition.  I'm going to call it "The Snark Log."
We're going into the freezers now.
We're going home.  We're in hyperspace.
They're from a dead civilization; they're spores from a tomb.  God knows how long they've been here.
Too primitive.  It's a pre- technological construction.  That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best.
Primitive pictorial languages are based on common objects in the environment, and this can be used as a starting point for translation...
That sounds a little fanciful...
It appears to have healed itself.
Is it still dripping?
No, thank God... just missed him.
Reminded me of when I was a kid and the roof leaked -- everybody running for the pots and pans.
We're just plain lucky.  That could have gone right through the hull -- taken <u>weeks</u> to patch it.
Yes, thank heaven.
It's stopped?
Let's let the machine work on him.
It's not coming off -- not without his whole face coming off too.
How the hell should I know?  Come on, give me a hand, let's get him out of there!
What is it?
It won't come -- it's stuck.
Help me -- I'm going to try to get it off.
Oh God, oh God no.
<u>Don't touch him, watch it</u>!
<u>What is it</u>?
Can you see anything?
No, it's coming.
Is it still coming up, or is it hooked on something?
There, it caught!
Maybe we should just wait a few more minutes.
But what can we do?  He's out of radio contact.
It'll yank him right off his feet if he's not expecting it.  The line could get tangled in something.
Here's his line.  We can haul him out of there if we have to.
Sun will be down in a minute.
If we don't hear from him soon, I think we better go in after him.
I couldn't make it out -- too much interference.
What'd he say?
Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast.
This looks ancient.
That creature sure must have considered it important... using his last strength to draw it...
Doesn't seem much doubt about it, does there?
Who knows?
Air lock?
We should be almost on top of it.  I just can't quite...
How far?
It's close, real close.
My signal's fading.
What's wrong?
You lead.
That way.
All right.  Now just remember: keep away from those weapons unless I say otherwise.  Martin, do you read me?
Receiving.
Sorry.  Nothing but that same damn transmission, every 32 seconds.  I've tried every frequency on the spectrum.
Just settle down.  Sandy, you get any response yet?
Well... this rock rotates every two hours.  The sun should be coming up in about 20 minutes.
Well, we can't go anywhere in this darkness.  How long till dawn?
Dell -- show me that on a screen.
I've got it.  It's coming from ascension 6 minutes 32 seconds, declination -39 degrees 2 seconds.
Computer, what's the frequency of the transmission?
What's the frequency?
Sandy, can you home in on that beam?
First contact...
Feast your eyes.
Sandy, you want to give us some vision?
Tastes like something you'd feed a chicken to make it lay more eggs.
What's the matter, you don't like this stuff?
First thing I'm going to do when we get back is eat some biological food.
Couldn't the pyramid have been built here by space travellers?
No.  It's just too small to support fauna as big as the parasites.  If there were a native ecology, it would have to be microscopic.
They never made it off the planet. The parasites won.
Yeah?
We do know that.
About four hours.
These day and night cycles are totally disorienting.  I feel like we've been here for days, but it's only been how long?
Could be some kind of venom, or poison...
That tube must be depositing it in him.
It appears to be a heavy fluid of some sort... it blocks the X-rays...
Close...
Source of transmission is to the northeast... about 300 meters.
Just a second.  Those aren't water vapor clouds; they have no moisture content.
My God, it's stormy for a piece of rock that size!
Look --
Men have waited centuries to contact another form of intelligent life in the universe.  This is an opportunity which may never come again.
Kill me...
What can I do?
No good... it's eaten too much of me...
But I can save you -- get you to the Autodoc!
No... don't...
I'll get you out of there.
That was Melkonis... it ate Hunter...
Look...
What did it do to you?
Kill me...
Kablooey.
And you stand aside while we drive it in, then shut the hatch, launch the boat, and --
And you'll let me know when you've got it coming this way...
All right, Martin, we'll be in touch with you on the communicator.
Who gets the privilege?
Yes, and maybe launch the boat and blow it too... if the others are injured.
Now.  If we can get it into the boat, we won't have to blow it up -- we can just eject it into space.
So what do we do?  Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now?
It's stable; it doesn't hurt to drop it.
<u>Hey watch it</u>!
Here, carry these.
You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it.
But the idea's good, if we could just turn it around somehow.
Yeah... I forgot.
No, it won't work and I just realized why.  There's only one hypersleep freezer on the lifeboat. Only one of us could survive.
Doesn't matter -- we're already at light speed.  And when we get back to the Colonies, they'll pick us up in the network.
But the lifeboat can't accelerate to light speed.
Right... but it'll take a few minutes for the engines to overheat and melt down the core.  In the meantime, we get in the lifeboat and leave the ship.
That'll blow the ship up.
Okay.  First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines.
Let's hear it.
That kind of remark is pointless. Now come on -- I want to hear every suggestion you can come up with, no matter how wild.
It was time for that a couple days ago.
No such luck.  I saw it running down one of the corridors.
At least we're rid of the damn monster.  It must have been the first thing sucked out of the ship.
Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
No, I had to seal off a whole section.  We'd lose too much of our remaining air if we opened the connecting door.
Can we get to him?
I saw it.  Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door.  His body held it open.
... More spores coming.
Which presumably means...
Then that tomb... must have been some kind of fertility temple... where they stored their eggs, and maybe held mating rituals...
This is all the same creature.  We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle.
So the next step should be --
That next thing there -- six legs, tentacles -- that's the thing we saw in the food locker.
I know it looks like a senseless jumble, but if you look closely, there are recognizable forms.
Well... yes... there's a pattern... but it's meaningless to me.
Can you make out any pattern in all that?
Nothing.
What's that supposed to mean?
Two down, four to go.
By eating our food supplies.
How did it get so <u>big</u>?
Right now let's keep it closed.
That's a flip-flop gate to channel the air, but we can use it to trap the thing.
Let's be democratic.
So the only question left is: who gets to crawl down the airshaft?
The man would need protection, obviously -- as well as some way to drive the thing before him.
Are you <u>crazy</u>?
What do you think?  Now we go in.
Now what?
Go ahead, Jay.
This stuff's deadly -- I hope we know what we're doing.
You win.
Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep.  Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all.
Hey, wait a minute!  That's all our food supplies in there!  We can't pump poison gas all over them!
I guess we open the door and net it.
Now what?
It started crashing around right after we locked it in.
What's it doing, having a seizure?
We're coming!
Food-storage room!
Where are you?
We've got it up here!  It's trapped! Get up here fast!
Yes!
Even simple.
These will be very useful.  At least we won't have to go digging around in closets with our bare hands.  All right, here's the battle plan: we're going to break into two teams and start systematically covering the ship.  Whoever finds it first, catches it in the net and ejects it from the nearest airlock.  Clear?
But if we <u>haven't</u> caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway.
All right, so that's what we've got. A week.  It's plenty of time.
We won't need it then.
That's okay, he can remain in hypersleep until they're ready to treat him.
We'll have to go into quarantine, maybe for quite a while.
I think the best thing to do with Broussard is to just freeze him as he is.  It'll arrest the progress of his disease, and he can get complete medical attention when we get back to the Colonies.
Quit complaining; we're in space.
That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed.
With great pleasure.
You bet we made it.  Martin, set course for Irth and accelerate us into stardrive.
We made it!  Damn, we made it!
Let's take her into an escape orbit.
Engaged.
Up one kilometer, Jay.
Take us up.
They seem native to the planet.  It's got an atmosphere and a dense gravity.  It's dead now, but once it must have been fertile.
Where did the parasites come from?
If we knew exactly what happened to the beings on the other ship --
I can't lean on Faust any harder -- he's been working non-stop on the engines.
Look, I'm not trying to rub anybody's nose in anything.  The important thing is just to get away from here as fast as possible.
I'm sorry to say it looks like you were right in the first place, Martin.  We never should have landed here.
Is that its mouth?
Look at these suckers -- no wonder we couldn't get it off him.
Broussard had film in his datastick, didn't he?  We can see what happened to him.
What film?
He went into the pyramid alone.  We lost radio contact with him.  When we pulled him out, it was on his face. It won't come off, not without injuring him.
Would somebody fill me in?
Good.
I understand why you did that.
Martin, this is an order!  Open the door!
Chaz, listen to me -- we've broken every rule of quarantine.  If we bring an organism on board, we won't have a single layer of defense left.
We can't leave him out here, open the door.
Chaz, if it's an organism, and we let it in, the ship will be infected.
You hear me, Martin?  Open the outer door.
It's some kind of organism, it's attached itself to him.  Let us in.
Chaz -- what happened to Broussard?
We're coming up now, open the outer lock door.
Here, Chaz.
Can't talk now; Broussard's injured. We'll need some help getting him into the ship.
Thank Christ!  We lost you!  Listen, there's been a new development --
Yeah, we hear you!  We're coming back!
Hey, can you guys hear me?
Tell you what, Martin.  As soon as the engine's fixed --
This ship is full of cat hair.
But why draw it on the wall?
Well... it's obviously intentional... some kind of attempt at communication... maybe it's a symbol that means something to them...
What would you say that was supposed to mean?
I've always respected your opinion, Martin.  If something worries you, it worries me.
Oh well... you know me.
Still worried?
I don't even know what I'm looking for.
Find anything we missed?
What killed it?
But?
I agree.  This is the single most important discovery in history.
Martin?
It appears to be some sort of spacecraft.  We're going to approach it.
Found what?
Martin, uh, we've found it.
Good.  I'm getting you clear too. Let's just keep the line open.
Okay, Chaz, I hear you.  I've got you on my board.
Well, we won't need pressure suits, but breathing masks are called for. Sandy -- can you rig up some kind of portable unit that we can use to follow that transmission to its source?
Yeah, rock particles.  Dust.
Anything else?
Not a one.  It's dead.
Any microorganisms?
Zero.  Dry as a bone.
Good!  Moisture content?
Ten to the fourth dynes per square centimeter.
Nontoxic... but unbreathable. Pressure?
10% argon, 85% nitrogen, 5% neon... and some trace elements.
Sandy... how far are we from the source of the transmission?
Yeah, okay. 
Engine room, what happened?
What the hell happened?
Turn on navigation lights.
Atmospheric turbulence.  Dust storm.
No -- that's atmosphere.  Cloud layer.
It's out of focus.
Well, it's finally happened.
Oh my God.
Computer, you have signalled a priority three message.  What is the message?
Let's hear it.
Chaz, I've got something here on my security alert.  A high priority from the computer...
This is Chaz speaking.  Sorry, but we are not home.  Our present location seems to be only halfway to Irth. Remain at your posts and stand by. That is all.
Sandy, contact traffic control.
Where are we?
Right.  Fire up all systems.
All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.
