So I guess you could say that we screwed up, but we weren't wrong.
I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question.
Goddamnit!--
You overslept?
Only everything...
What was the mistake? Do you think it's been rigged, all along the way, leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered? They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone, you know what that means?
Hmm?
Woodward?
--We got twenty minutes to deadline--
I know a guy in the Justice Department who was around the Grand Jury. 
--Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman.
How many fucking sources they think we got?--
--and the FBI confirms--what more do you need?--
--Sloan told the Grand Jury--he answered everything they asked him-- that means there's a record somewhere--
--he said John Haldeman, not Bob Haldeman--
--Jesus--
Maybe we are...
I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun.
Same as Magruder, I don't like it when they turn out to be human.
What's the matter?
It's nothing personal, though. 
Well, we are trying to ruin his life.
What if I went up and introduced myself--think he'd slug me?
Nah.  Maybe.
Haldeman.
Who?
I think that's him.
--we're working on the last guy now and we're going all the way--that fifth man was Haldeman.
--Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, Kalmbach--
--That cash fund that financed the sabotaging of the Democrats--five guys had control--
We're inside the White House now.
He'll give us a sworn statement.
Could have won him a fraternity paddle with a White House seal.  God knows it worked.
You think this was Clawsen's initiation?
It makes a crazy kind of sense-- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House? Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon.
You think we're being set up?--Christ, Deep Throat tells you last night that the letter came from inside the White House and up traipses Marilyn naming names.
You asking would I have been one of the President's men?  I would have been.
What would you have done?
--'cause I only know four chords--
California, Illinois, Florida, New Hampshire--all the major Democratic primary states.  Why does everything you play sound the same?
Segovia begged me for me secret but I said, "No, Andres, you'll have to try and make it without me."
Segretti criss-crossed the country over ten times in six months--and never stayed anyplace over a night or two.  Switch to another station, huh? You're driving me crazy with that.
If he self-destructed.
--because a year before, the Republicans weren't ahead, not in the polls, Muskie was running ahead of Nixon then. Before he self- destructed.
So maybe Watergate wasn't really about Watergate--maybe that was just a piece--
Now the reason no one believed the Republicans is because there wasn't any reason, they were so far ahead. But Segretti was talking to these other lawyers a year before the break- in.
The burglary was done by Cubans or Democrats or Republicans.
Dwight Chapin, Nixon's appointments chief--he knew Segretti in school. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is the first time any of this starts to make sense. What were the three theories?
--Haldeman I know, who else?
That's what we've got to find out, but Segretti went to Southern Cal. and so did a bunch of Nixon men--
How high up, which Republicans?
--for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip. A guy called me up with a tip--  --someone named Donald Segretti contacted a bunch of lawyers and asked them if they'd like to go to work with him screwing up the Democrats, dirty tricks, shit like that. The FBI knows about Segretti-- Howard Hunt made a bunch of phone calls to him--they interrogated him, but on account of Segretti wasn't involved with the break-in, they didn't follow through. But Segretti did a lot of traveling--he called these lawyers from different places, and he told them the Republicans knew what he was doing.
--I haven't said anything--
--I want you to shut up and listen to me--
Then he's got an ax.  Call him anyway.
--almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat.
--has he got an ax?--
--I know a lawyer at Justice--
--shit, who do we know?--
--if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again--
--I know, I know--
--we gotta top the Times--
--shit--
Goddamnit--
--just that a lot of reports were sent to CREEP, but he doesn't name who, not here anyway--
--the lookout in the Motor Inn?--  --he say anything we don't know?--
--The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin--
We'd like to wait til we have all five before we print it.
Look--five men controlled that slush fund as CREEP--three of them we've got, Mitchell, Stans, Magruder, and we're pretty sure of Kalmbach.
--Colson.
--there had to be a White House overseer--
Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am.  I never like it when the other guy's human...
Think Sloan's back?  What's wrong?
And I'll just shitkick in my usual way.
You want me to be the bastard.
He's another Ivy Leaguer so he'll probably expect you to be understanding--might surprise him if you're not.
You mean, who's going to play the mean M.P. and who's going to be the nice one?  Whichever.
How do you want to handle Sloan?
That happens to people.  OK, go on.
--she was really paranoid, the bookkeeper.
--we will--
It goes very high--we've got to find out where--
Then tomorrow's grand jury indictments will just be bullshit.
--we've got to find out who the five guys are--the five with access to the slush fund--they were aware of the break-in.
Go on, go on--
I  couldn't believe what she told me. Eight cups of coffee worth.
You voted for him.
Did he just say what I think he said?
Nixon.
'68.
When?
Who'd you vote for?
Sure.
Republican?
And I'm a Republican.
I hate both parties.
We appreciate your position--really.
--you believe in the President, you wouldn't ever want to do anything disloyal.
We understand your problem--
It's safe, try it, you'll see.
We never reveal our sources, which is why you can talk to us.
I just wish we knew when someone would talk to us, that's all.
And that something's got to be more than just Hunt, Liddy, and the five burglars--those indictments are gonna be bullshit when they come down. What else do we know?
We know there's got to be something or they wouldn't be so panicked.
Anything you've got.
Facts or theory?
It's not us, they were scared before we got there.  What do we know?
I never scared anyone before.
This is terrific work, if you like rejection.
My first day as a copy boy I was sixteen and wearing my only grown-up suit--it was cream colored. At 2:30 the head copy boy comes running up to me and says, "My God, haven't you washed the carbon paper yet? If it's not washed by three, it'll never by dry for tomorrow."  And I said, "Am I supposed to do that?" and he said, "Absolutely, it's crucial." So I run around and grab all the carbon paper from all the desks and take it to the men's room. I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?" And I said, "It's 2:30. I'm washing the carbon paper."  Just wanted you to know I've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all.
You're not a kid anymore.
I don't get it... this really was my turf...
Alphabetically, on the CREEP phone list, Miss Helen Abbott of South George Street.
Who's first?
It was there. I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing. But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...?
Were you eyebrow reading?
--she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell.
And?--And?--
For the paper, no; for us, plenty.  I waited a long time and finally this big guy--I guess a bodyguard-- he left and I knocked and she remembered me, we talked awhile.
See her?  Get anything?
--you do?--with access to records?
Christ, and I even know somebody at the phone company--
Why didn't we get that?
---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP--
--fifteen phone calls--
--I'm trying--
--see?--
Goddamnit--
The fucking New York Times.
What's that?
And you haven't called him?--
I met a Presidential aide once at a social occasion.
That was fun.  What now?
About the past year.
July of '71.
We need a sympathetic face.
You think they are confidential? I don't know anything about how this town works, I haven't lived here a year yet.
It makes sense; Hunt worked for the C.I.A. and the White House was paranoid about Teddy Kennedy.
--a spy, you mean?
Maybe a political operative of some sort--
--Hunt doesn't seem like your ordinary consultant.
--what do you think?--
I lived here all my life, I got a million contacts, but they're all bus boys and bellhops.
What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important?
Hmm.
Hey?
Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb--  --listen, that was a Watergate question--
What, though?  It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway.
And McCord was carrying an application for college press credentials for the Democratic convention.  The Times has got to be full of it-- it can't be crazy Cubans.
Well, Barker tried to get blueprints of the Miami Convention Center and the air-conditioning system.
--I'm not interested in theory. What do we know? For example, Hunt's disappeared.
Let me lay a little theory on you--
All right, what do we know?
I was sure trying.
Forget it, the main thing--  --did you call me a failure?
It's OK; I'm sorry I called you a failure.
You heard?  They put us both on the break-in thing. Simons liked the way we worked together.  Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit.
Fuck you, Carl.
Yeah?
Carl?
Mainly it has to do with your choice of words.
What is it about my writing that's so rotten?
--read 'em both and you'll see--
--no way--
--mine's better--
--I'm smart enough to know my story was solid--
--they're all the same, all those Ivy League places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart--
--Bradlee went to Harvard--
--you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale--
--and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau--
--what have you been here, nine months?--I been in this business since I was sixteen--
--I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia?--
--it was bullshit the way it was--
--it was fine the way it was--
--I sure couldn't hurt it, could I?--
What the hell were you doing rewriting my story--
Oh.
Night.
Morning or night?
11:30.
--what time is it?
Sir, I'd like to ask you a few--
--all that crap, you're putting it in the paper? It's all been denied. You tell your publisher--tell Katie Graham she's gonna get her tit caught in a big fat wringer if that's published. Good Christ! That's the most sickening thing I ever heard.
--to become President Nixon's campaign manager on March 1, Mitchell personally approved withdrawals from the fund--
--jeeeeeeeeesus--
--almost a year before he left the Justice Department--
--jeeeeeeesus--
--according to sources involved in the Watergate investigation. Beginning in the spring of 1971--
--jeeeeeeesus--
--fund that was used to gather information against the Democrats--
--jeeeeeeesus--
John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that--
What does it say?
This?  Naw...
I never could figure just who this Dahlberg was.  Think it might be anything?
--yeah, that was in The Times this morning.
The rest is Barker's bank records. It's mostly the eighty-nine thousand in Mexican cashier's checks--
The telephone calls... we know about that.
I'll never get out of here in time.
Whatever.
You want Barker's phone stuff or his money stuff?
I'm on deadline.
Listen, I've got a dinner--can't we do this tomorrow?
Look, you've been jerking my chain all day. If there's some reason you can't talk to me--like the fact that you've already leaked everything to The New York Times--just say so.
Good. Just tell him I was here, that I'm sorry I missed him--
Well of course.
Mr. Dardis does call in every so often?
He is not in the car.  Sorry.
Could you reach Mr. Dardis by car radio?
I told you, he had to go out on a case.
I called him from Washington. He's the one who asked me to be here at eleven in the morning.
And you will.  But not now.
I'd really like to see Mr. Dardis.
I'm so glad.
Hi, it's me. I'm still here.
Sure. I remember seeing a book about Chappaquiddick on his desk and he was always getting material out of the White House Library and the Library of Congress and--
--Teddy Kennedy?
Oh, the scuttlebutt for awhile was he was investigating Kennedy--
Any idea what he did?
Sure. Him I liked, he was a very nice person. Secretive too, traveled all over, but a decent man.
--Howard Hunt?
Sorry.  Now if it was Hunt you were interested in--
At USC, you had a word the this-- screwing up the opposition you all did it at college and called it ratfucking.  Ever wonder if Nixon might turn out to be the biggest ratfucker of them all?
Can't help you.
It gets interesting if it was Haldeman, because our word is that when Chapin says something, he's gotten the OK from Haldeman, and when Haldeman says something, he's gotten the OK from the President.
I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him-- everybody's frightened of him--Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this--all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls.
On the orders of Haldeman?
Sure--off the record.
Chapin did contact you then?
None of it was my idea, Carl--I didn't go looking for the job.
When you guys print it in the paper, then I'll know.  I'm a lawyer, and I'll probably go to jail, and be disbarred, and what did I do that was so awful?
But you know who did.
I didn't.
You wrote the Canuck letter--the one where you claimed Muskie slurred the Canadians.
Sometimes it got up to a quarter maybe--  --off the record.
During the Florida primary, you wrote a letter on Muskie stationery saying Scoop Jackson had a bastard child. You wrote another that said Hubert Humphrey was out with call girls.
Oh, maybe nickel and dime stuff.
Tell that to Muskie.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Do you feel much about the things you did?
When did he hire you?
I know where Dwight works.
By "they" you mean the White House, don't you?  Your buddy from USC, Dwight Chapin-- he works for the White House.
By "they" you mean...?
They never told me anything except my own role--I had to find out the rest in the papers.
Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help?
I've got a lot of energy.
According to what we've been able to verify, you've been busy.
Mind if I try?
You can't.
I'm Carl Bernstein.  My paper sent me out to see if I couldn't persuade you to go on the record.
That's right.
Donald Segretti?
And?--
--he was going to go into law practice with Segretti.
We've just been talking to Young--
Speak.
--yes--
--you got more than one source?--
You're the fella who forgot he rented a Hertz car, do I have to tell you they didn't forget to send us the bill?
Down to Miami and back--how much damage can I do?
--"I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Toronto." That was your spiel then. "The Lifestyles of Deserters."  I'm still waiting for it.
--that was awhile ago--
I'm the one sent you to Toronto, Bernstein--
I think it might be helpful if you'd send me to Miami.
--so?
Harry, I just talked to a Miami investigator about Barker--
--what about you?--
Absolutely--
--Bernstein, are you sure on this story?
I could care less about where it happened; what happened is what counts.  Put him on.  Ken, I'm sorry, it was Goddamn Beirut and they were having a crisis, what's up, kid?  Slow down, Ken, you sound frazzled.  A wife and a family and a cat and a dog, right, Ken.  Ken, I would never print that you were in Marilyn's apartment at night-- unless, of course, you force me to.
--if he did it or just said he did it, God knows.
--it makes the break-in real--it's a major goddamn story--  --I'm not going to kick ass over this, but I'd like you to know I hate getting beat, I just hate it-- don't forget that I hate it--
--there's nothing new in it--
--it would have been nice to have had this, I sure would have liked to have had this--
--what?--
I thought you guys were supposed to be working on this story--  --you think I like being aced out?
If they ever start calling us goddamn liars--  --it's time to start circling the wagons.
What's a real denial?
--Deep Throat?--
--and we got a guy in Justice--
--goddamnit, when's somebody gonna go on the record on this story--
--no--
Nobody's perfect.  I'm glad you're out of it, Hannah-- you're a terrific reporter and I turned you into a bookkeeper.
You're a sex junkie, you know that, Carl?
There's always a later plane.
I thought you had to get to Miami.
It's right under that pile.
Give me your checkbook then.
I think.
You're two months behind--you got enough to cover?
Five hundred; six maybe.
Lot of pressure at the Star.  Carl, when we got married, you were four thousand dollars in debt; when we split, you were solvent. That may prove to be the outstanding single achievement of my life, and now look at this.  How much did the damn bike cost?
Hey... very tense.
Carl, it's a jungle.  I suggest you either pay this immediately or lay in a large supply of candles.  You'd give a stranger the shirt off your back--except it wouldn't be paid for.
Oh, they're here.  I'm keeping much better records now, Hannah.  See? 
Where are your bills, Carl?
Hannah, I never would have bothered you but I'm off to Miami and they're gonna take away my ten speed unless I get it straightened out fast.
We're a long way from high school, Carl...  ...and I'm scared.
Hey, easy...
I don't know what they'd do to me.
If you don't like it down there, why don't you quit?
You don't believe me? Well, I was working the weekend of the break-in and my God, all the executives were running around like crazy--you had to practically wait in line to use the shredding machine--and when the FBI came to investigate, they never even asked me about it.
FBI too?
This girlfriend of mine at the Committee, the other day she went back to the D.A. to tell the things the FBI didn't ask her. That night, her boss, he knew what she'd done. They control everything; that's how they know it all.
--you don't really think you're being followed?
Anyplace really public, they'd know about it--they know everything at the Committee, Carl--
This is practically a high school reunion for us, Jane--I would have sprung for a classier place.
Think Sloan's being set up as a fall guy for John Mitchell? Sometimes it looks that way.
It was all so crazy--the day after the break-in he gave us a speech, bouncing up and down on his heels in that loony way of his--Gordon told us not to let Jim McCord ruin everything--don't let one bad apple spoil the barrel, he said. You just know that when Gordon Liddy's calling someone a bad apple, something's wrong somewhere.  ...It's all so rotten... and getting worse... and all I care about is Hugh Sloan. His wife was going to leave him if he didn't stand up and do what was right. And he quit. He quit because he saw it and didn't want any part of it.
Gordon Liddy, you mean?
--omigod, there was so much of it, six million came in one two-day period-- six million cash, we couldn't find enough places to put it. I thought it was all legal, I guess I did, til after the break-in, when I remembered Gordon got so much of it.
It's awfully hot--  --and you haven't finished telling me about the money--
Sloan knew which five, didn't he? 
There were a group of them--I think five, I don't know their names.
Who were they?
The ones who could disburse the money.
Which people?
I can't be positive that it was used for the break-in but people sure are worried.
Could buy a lot of steaks, 350,000 dollars.
A lot of it was. I just thought it was sort of an all-purpose political fund--you know, for taking fat cats to dinner, things like that.
--it was all in hundreds, wasn't it?
There are too many people watching me--they know I know a lot--
It's obvious you want to talk to someone--well, I'm someone.
...No... never in so many words...
I was just curious--you don't do it well, so I wondered. Have you been threatened, if you told the truth, is that it?
--right, right, I've got to go.  Why did you lie just then?
One minute but then--
I never worked for Sloan or Stans.
You were Hugh Sloan's bookkeeper when he worked for Maurice Stans at Finance, and we were sort of wondering, did you go work for Stans immediately after Sloan quit or was there a time lapse?
I'm relaxed--light your cigarette.
We don't tell anyone that. Which is why you can talk to us. And if we can't verify what you say someplace else, we don't print it. That's another reason you can relax.
All those articles you people write-- where do you find that stuff?
But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through.
Just let me get a match.
You've really got to go.
Irwin? I really feel bad, doing something like this--you know that, don't you?
A Miami D.A. The guy doing the investigating is named Martin Dardis. 
Who by?
It was accurate, but I can't get a fuller listing for you--all Barker's phone records have been subpoenaed.
Just tell me about the goddamn article.
And that makes anything you do OK, is that it?
Something maybe big.
My big civil rights buddy--  --boy, if John Mitchell was after your phone records, would you be screaming.  What're you onto?
No games, Irwin; give.
What do you want to know?
So tell me about the Times article.
'Cause I'm not calling out from the phone company anymore--  --I think the place is bugged.
Why couldn't you have just dialed me from the office, Irwin?
--let me put it this way: I'd have no problem if you did.
--if we wrote a story that said Haldeman controlled the fund?--
I'm not your source on that.
--that leaves Haldeman, period.
--it's gotta be Haldeman--someone from the White House had to be involved--
--I'm not your source on that--
--my wife just had the baby, my in- laws are arriving, I'm trying to get the house in some kind of shape.
--this'll only take one second--
I really can't talk now--
We're moving.  I've been looking for a job but it's been... hard. My name's been in the papers too much. Sometimes I wonder if reporters understand how much pain they can inflict in just one sentence. I'm not thinking of myself. But my wife, my parents, it's been very rough on them.
What happens when the baby comes?
Routine--I'd just call John Mitchell over at the Justice Department and he'd say "go ahead, give out the money."
Ordinarily, though, what was the procedure?
Then Barker withdrew the 25 thousand in hundred dollar bills and gave it back to Liddy who gave it back to me and I put it in the office safe which was crammed.
Right.
Kalmbach--Nixon's personal lawyer.
I will not talk about the other two.
But they both worked at the White House?
Well, they sure didn't ask us to come forward and tell the truth.
To cover up?
We were never told flat out "Don't talk." But the message was clear.
Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors?
That's another of the things I'm not so sure of.
Do you think the truth will come out at the trial?
Try and understand this. I'm a decent Republican. I believe in Richard Nixon. I worked in the White House four years--so did my wife. What happened on June 17 I don't think the President knew anything about. Some of his men I'm not so sure of.
--they're worse. That's why I quit.
--then again, maybe things are even worse than we've written--
My non-denial denial.
What's this?
--you double-checked both sources?--
--well shit, we oughtta be tense-- we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House--  --it would be nice if we were right--
--Christ, I wish I knew if we should print this--
--I don't know, I don't know, it feels thin--
--all non-denial denials--we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate.
Same kind of crap--
And we'll all have to go to work for a living.
Then it's our asses, isn't it?
The FBI thinks it's possible--the Democrats need a campaign issue, corruption's always a good one.  Get off the story, Ben--or put some people on McGovern's finances; fair is fair, even in our business.
You saying the Democrats bugged themselves?
Look--why would the Republicans do it? --my God, McGovern is self- destructing before our eyes--just like Muskie did, Humphrey, the bunch of 'em.  Why would the burglars have put the tape around the door instead of up and down unless they wanted to get caught? Why did they take a walkie- talkie and then turn it off, unless they wanted to get caught? Why would they use McCord--the only direct contact to the Republicans?
Ben, Jesus, there are over two thousand reporters in this town, are there five on Watergate? Where did we suddenly get all this wisdom?
It will, it just hasn't bottomed out yet, give it time.
It's not that we're using unnamed sources that bothers me, or that everything we print the White House denies, or that almost no other papers are reprinting our stuff.
Go on.
I don't think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story.  I don't think we should cover the story, period.
Mitchell started the cover-up early, everyone is involved in the cover- up, all the way to the top. The whole U.S. intelligence community is mixed in with the covert activities. The extent of it is incredible.  And people's lives are in danger, maybe including ours.
Anything else from Mr. Throat?
Electronic surveillance.
We can't talk inside either?
--I'm not sure, it still feels thin-- 
--I'm sure--
--he went to her apartment and he told her--
--what do you think?--
--his dialing finger must be falling off--
I got Clawsen on hold--
OK.  You're about to write a story that says that the former Attorney General-- the man who represented law in America-- is a crook.  Just be right, huh?
--I saw him. He verifies.
He approved the payments to Liddy while he was still Attorney General--
This is a daily paper, we'll explain it tomorrow.  You're certain on Mitchell?
Is he on the level of Assistant to the President or not?
I don't know titles.
Just tell me his title.
You asking me to disclose my source?
How senior?
I was told by this guy at the White House that Hunt was investigating Teddy Kennedy.
You don't mind getting on people's nerves, do you?
I have nothing more to say.
Are you implying you don't believe me?
It was really nice of you to come, since you'd only met him once.
Barker's wife called me at three this morning; her husband apparently had told her to call if he hadn't called her by then.
A Miami social occasion?  Mr. Rafferty told me the Cubans were from Miami.
--I met one of the defendants, Mr. Barker, at a social occasion once--  --I have nothing more to say.
You're a lawyer and you're here--
They are not my clients.
Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves.
There is no reason to assume other people were involved.
Did you know to come because one of the other men involved in the break- in called you?
Well, they never would have been assigned if anyone had known the burglars had arranged for their own counsel. And that could only mean the burglars didn't arrange for their own counsel--they never even made a phone call.  So if they didn't ask for you to be here, how did you know to come?
So?
Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars.
I assure you, there's nothing mysterious involved.
What I don't understand is how you got here.
--you have nothing more to say, I understand that.
Look, I told you inside--
Mr. Rafferty was very helpful. Four Cuban-Americans and this other man, James McCord.
Clearly, I am here, but only as an individual, I'm not the attorney of record.  Mr. Rafferty has that position. Whatever you want, you'll have to get from him, I have nothing more to say.
Douglas Caddy, the attorney of record, when questioned about his presence in the courtroom, denied he was in the courtroom, "I'm not here," Mr. Caddy said.
OK.
--I'm not here.
Mr. Caddy? My name's Bob Woodward, I'm from the Post and I wanted to ask about how you happened to come on this case--
--I've completely forgotten where it was, except I know it wasn't her apartment.
Well, was it in a bar, her apartment, some restaurant--
Where?  What do you mean, where?
Sorry, Ken; listen, one last thing: where did your talk with Berger happen?
That's a bullshit question, that's a question straight out of Wichita, Kansas.
She's an awfully good reporter--I can't remember her getting too much wrong before, can you?
Absolutely--Marilyn's gotten it totally wrong--
You claiming it was all a misunderstanding, Ken?
That checks out with our finding, thank you, Mr. Dahlberg.
I don't know; I really don't. The last time I saw it was when I was in Washington. I gave it to the Finance department of the Committee to Re- Elect the President. How it got to that burglar, your guess is as good as mine.
I see. And how do you think it reached Miami?
That twenty-five thousand dollars is money I collected for Nixon in this year's campaign.
I'm a proper citizen, I'm a decent man, I don't do anything that isn't decent or proper.  I know I shouldn't tell you this...
Yes, sir.
...you're definitely doing a story...?
The twenty-five thousand dollar one.  The one with your name on it.  In Bernard Barker's Florida account.  Bernard Barker, the Watergate burglar--
...check...?
--this should take only a minute, Mr. Dahlberg, but we're doing a follow- up on the break-in--  --and I was kind of curious about your check.
You'll have to find that out, won't you?--
We know that--and if we were wrong, we're resigning--were we wrong?
--you've done worse than let Haldeman slip away, you've got people feeling sorry for him--I didn't think that was possible. A conspiracy like this-- the rope has to tighten slowly around everyone's neck. You build from the outer edges and you go step by step. If you shoot too high and miss, then everybody feels more secure. You've put the investigation back months.
--I know, I know, the pressure's off the White House and it's all back on the Post--
I was being cautious.  You can safely say more then fifty...
Fifty ratfuckers directed by the White House to destroy the Democrats?
Yes, yes, everything. There were over fifty people employed by the White House and CREEP to ratfuck-- some of what they did is beyond belief.
And Justice and FBI know all this?
Nationwide--my God, they were frightened of Muskie and look who got destroyed--they wanted to run against McGovern, and look who they're running against. They bugged, they followed people, false press leaks, fake letters, they canceled Democratic campaign rallies, they investigated Democratic private lives, they planted spies, stole documents, on and on-- don't tell me you think this was all the work of little Don Segretti.
How grand?
--don't you miss the grand scheme too.
--the Canuck letter--was that a White House operation--
Follow every lead--every lead goes somewhere--
There were more then.
--don't concentrate on Segretti or you'll miss the overall scheme too.
Talk about Segretti--
Total manipulation. I suppose you could say they wanted to subvert the Constitution, but they don't think along philosophical lines.
Why did they do all this for Chrissakes?--what were they after?
You get nothing from me about Haldeman?
Haldeman too?
Of course--my God, you think something this big just happens? The break-in and the cover up, of course Mitchell knew, but no more than Ehrlichman.
Mitchell knew then.
Someone with authority I'd imagine, wouldn't you?  Don't you know what you're onto? Come on.
Why didn't they?--who told them not to?
They know, but they focused on the burglary--if it didn't deal with the break-in, they didn't pursue it.
Do Justice and the FBI know what we know, and why the hell haven't they done anything about it?
I hope you noticed how coolly I behaved under the threat of discovery.
Did you change cabs?  It didn't work, something moved there--
What?
The slush fund at CREEP financed the ratfucking, we've almost got that nailed down, so--
You'll have to find that out, won't you.
Who?--be specific. How high up?
Yes, the little ratfuckers are now running our government.
I know what it means--Segretti wouldn't go on the record, but if he would, we know he'd implicate Chapin. And that would put us inside the White House.
In my day, it was simply called the double cross. I believe the CIA refers to it as Mindfuck. In our context, it simply means infiltration of the Democrats.
Ratfucking.
My turn to keep you waiting.  What's the topic for tonight?
Talk? Once, at a gathering, he put his hand over a candle. And he kept it there. He kept it right in the flame until his flesh seared. A woman who was watching asked, "What's the trick?" And he replied. "The trick is not minding."
Liddy--you think there's a chance he'll talk?
What I know, you'll have to find out on your own.
What's the whole thing about--do you know?
--melodramatic?  Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City.
I did everything you said, but it all seemed--
You changed cabs? You're sure no one followed you?
This man Gordon Liddy--he's going to be tried along with Hunt and the five burglars--we know he knows a lot, we just don't know what.
Go on.
To where?
Follow the money. Always follow the money.
John Mitchell resigned as head of CREEP to spend more time with his family. That doesn't exactly have the ring of truth.  Howard Hunt's been found--there was talk that his lawyer had 25 thousand in cash in a paper bag.
Because the press stinks too--history on the run, that's all you're interested in.  You come up with anything?
If you don't like them, why won't you be more concrete with me?
Then there must be something, mustn't there. Look, forget the myths the media's created about the White House-- the truth is, these are not very bright guys, and things got out of hand.
I don't know maybe sixteen, eighteen hours a day--we've got sources at Justice, the FBI, but it's still drying up.
You thought I'd help out on specifics?  I'll confirm what you get, try to keep you on the right track, but that's all.  Are you guys really working?  How much?
Nothing, that's the problem--the story's gone underground.
I saw the flag signal--what's up?
Good God!
I was just kind of wondering why your name and phone number were in the address books of two of the men arrested at Watergate?
--yes, yes, what is it?
Hi, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and--
Howard Hunt here.
Hello, I'm Bob Woodward of the Washing Post and...  Mullen and Company Public Relations? Could you tell me when you expect Mr. Hunt?  He is?
The C.I.A.
Where?
...Central... Intelligence... Agency...
Where in government?
Government. Recently retired.
Where?
Security consultant.
And what is your occupation, Mr. McCord?
Will you step forward, sir. 
James McCord.
Your name, please.
Nobody ever had too much.
We're going to need lots of good luck, aren't we?
I really want to know.
I would, if you really ever wanted to know.
You've never told anyone who he is?  But you'd have to tell me if I asked you.  Tell me.
It is.
But it's possible.
I couldn't say.
And the underground garage one.  Would I know him?
Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man, and some people from the Committee to Re-Elect, yes ma'am.
Never? Please don't tell me never.  Ben says you've found some wonderful sources.
It may never come out.
When will you be, do you think?-- when are we going to know it all?
No.
Are you sure?
I think so.
You know, the paper was my father's and my husband's when they were alive and I was thinking back a year or two ago when Ben called me and said he wanted to publish the Pentagon Papers the next day. The Times had already been stopped from publishing anymore of them and all my legal counsel said "don't, don't" and I was frightened but I knew if I said no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor. So we published, and that night, after I'd told Ben to go ahead, I woke up in the darkness and I thought, "Oh my Lord, what am I doing to this newspaper?"  I woke up again last night with that same question.  Are we right on this story?
--I'm Woodward.
I'm so glad you could come, Mr.--
--well, what if your boys get it wrong--
--absolutely--and that's all they do, sit sit sit--every once in a while, they call up a Senator, some reporting--
--well, I've got some pretty experienced fellas sitting around, wouldn't you say so?--
Ask him what he's really saying--he means take the story away from Woodstein and give it to his people at the National Desk--
--this White House guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this Watergate compulsion with you guys and I said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are Woodward and Bernstein?
--correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the Sans Souci--
--quit equivocating, say what you mean--  --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances--
--nobody gives a shit about the Dahlberg repercussions--
--you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions--
--well, Sloan--
--who you got?--
I think we got a White House consultant linked to the bugging.
I never asked them about Watergate. I only said what were Hunt's duties at the White House. They volunteered that he was innocent when nobody asked was he guilty.
So?
Hunt is Colson's man--  --that's Charles Colson, Nixon's special counsel--  --they both went to Brown University--  --Hunt worked for the C.I.A. till '70, and this is on deep background, the FBI thinks he's involved with the break-in.
Whaddya got, whaddya got?
Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow."
Thanks, Harry.  Know anything about Colson?
The second most powerful man is Robert Haldeman. Just below him are a trio: Mr. Erlichman is Haldeman's friend, and they protect the President from everybody which is why they are referred to as either The German Shepherds or the Berlin Wall. Mr. Mitchell we've already discussed. Mr. Colson is the President's special counsel.
The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name.
Who's Colson, Harry?
I would liken your query to being in Russia half a century ago and asking someone, "I understand who Lenin is and Trotsky I got too, but who's this yokel Stalin?"
Who's Charles Colson?
I can't sell hints to Simons--  --you called everyone you know?  Call someone you don't know.
Lotsa hints--
What'd you get on W.House?
As a rough rule of thumb, as far as I can throw Bronco Nagurski, that's how much I trust John Mitchell...
You can't believe that.
Mr. John Mitchell, the head of CREEP, says it means nothing.  "...This man and the other people involved were not operating on either our behalf or with our consent. These is no place in our campaign or in the electoral process for this type of activity, and we will not forget it or condone it."
The head of security for the reelection of a Republican President got caught bugging the national offices of the Democrats? What the hell does that mean?
Then how come the Associated Press were the ones found out that Mr. McCord is security coordinator for the Committee to Re-elect the President, otherwise known as CREEP?
I did all right on McCord.
OK, get on this W.House guy and do a better job then you did on McCord.
Don't know; who the hell's Howard Hunt?  It's probably nothing but check it out. Just go easy, it could be crazy Cubans.
That's everything Bachinski had, I think it's worth following up.
...go on, go on...
Two o'clock, work the phones 'til you go.
Preliminary hearing at Superior Courthouse?
As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly.  Except  it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters--  --and  these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying--  --a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices.  Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills.
You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters--tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling?
Where's that cheery face we've come to know and love?
One Senator just gave a speech slurring us 57 times in 20 minutes.
More denunciations?
--maybe I'm tense--
--Harry, weren't you just arguing the opposite way?--
--listen, I love this country, you think I want to bring it down?--I'm not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk--
--go over your sources again--
--listen, we didn't make them do these things--once they did, it's our job to report it--
--political, personal, sexual, anything at all against Mitchell?--
--has any of them got an ax?--
I know, I did, but damnit Howard--  For the first time since I've known him, I think he's really humping...
I don't get it--you were the one who wanted to fire him.
That was awhile ago.
--remember Toronto, Harry.
Howard--
Anyone but Bernstein.
I can predict the next words you're gonna say: "anyone but Bernstein."  I want to send a reporter to Miami.
Let me see what you get, but don't jump--The New York Times thinks it's crazy Cubans.
Could develop.
--in other words, you got nothing, you're thumbsucking.
Woodward's onto a new wrinkle with the break-in thing--absolute page one stuff--
Anything?
He just did.
--well and good, but when will he say it on the record.
--and he says Chapin hired Segretti--
Larry Young, a California lawyer--
--which Young?
I don't know, but I don't think that's unreasonable either, do you?
You think she wants us to ease up on the story?
Maybe to fire you--since you two started on this story, the Post stock has dropped, what, 50 percent?  And the word is some Nixon people are challenging her TV licenses. I'm not saying she's going on relief, but I don't think it's unreasonable for her to want to meet you.
What do you think Mrs. Graham wants to see me for?
--can we use their names?--
--no--
Absolutely.
Isn't that what you'd expect them to say?
According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me.  "I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee."
What else have you got?
Of course--everything they asked--
--look, when the Watergate grand jury questioned you, did you name names?
No, none of those.
--and it wasn't Ehrlichman or Colson or the President.
A girl. Melissa.
A boy or a girl?
Well, when Liddy came and asked for money for what turned out to be the break-in funds, I went to the safe and gave him--out of this whole fortune--I happened to give him the same hundreds he gave me--banks have to keep track of hundreds. If the money had been in fifties, or if I'd grabbed a different stack, there probably wouldn't have been any Watergate story.
Go on.
Badly.  You don't realize how close all this came to staying undiscovered--I gave Liddy the Dahlberg check and he gave it to Barker who took it to Miami and deposited it.
One thing I'm not completely clear on--when you gave out the money to Liddy, how did that work?
I can't say anything, I'm sorry. 
I won't talk about the other two.
Haldeman.  Right?
Colson's too smart to get directly involved with something like that.
We're not sure we've got all the guys who could order you, but we know there were five. 
When so ordered.
And as treasurer, you could release those funds?
No. It was closer to seven hundred thousand.
The report on the cash in Maurice Stans' safe, the three hundred fifty thousand, that's true?
As opposed to the Committee? The Committee's not an independent operation. Everything is cleared with the White House. I don't think that the FBI or the prosecutors understand that.
Does "they" mean the White House?
You handed out the money. Maybe there's a legitimate explanation for the way it was done--
I'd like to talk to you, I really would, but my lawyers say I shouldn't until after the Watergate trial.
My wife told me to expect you.  As you know, I haven't talked to the press.
Mr. Sloan?
I'm not Miss Abbott.
You work there, Miss Abbott.
The what to what?
No, I'm a reporter. I wanted to talk to you about the Committee to Re- Elect.
--I already get the Post. I don't need another subscription.
Hi. I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home--
