That's right.  Maria Ouspenskaya. BLONDE  Hiya, Ouspenskaya.
So this is your mother's apartment?
Under the mat? 
Not there.  Under the mat.
Don't worry about the old lady. One squawk from her, and she's out of a job.
I mean - barging in on your mother -- in the middle of the night?
You sure this is a good idea? DOBISCH Can't think of a better one.
Yeah.  How much?
This the place?
That's sweet.  That's real sweet.
My mother.
I'm getting lonely.  Who are you talking to, anyway?
You wash 'em, you break 'em. I'll come back for them later.  If he makes trouble, give me a yell.
Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and --
What did I tell you?
One napkin, coming up.  I wish we had some champagne to wrap it around.
You must eat -- and you must get healthy -- and you must forget him. Such a fine boy he seemed when he first moved in here -- clean and cut -- a regular Ivy Leaguer. Turns out he is King Farouk. Mit the drinking -- mit the cha cha -- mit the no napkins. A girl like you, for the rest of your life you want to cry in your noodle soup? Who needs it! You listen to me, you find yourself a nice, substantial man -- a widower maybe -- and settle down -- instead of nashing all those sleeping pills -- for what, for whom? -- for some Good Time Charlie?  Sssh!
So what are you waiting for -- a singing commercial?
Yes, Mrs. Dreyfuss. He starts out with a worried backward glance toward the two. Fran is just sitting there, the spoon in her hand, not touching the soup.
Beatnik! Go to my kitchen -- third drawer, under the good silver, there is napkins.
Well, I have some paper towels --
You wouldn't have such a thing as a napkin, would you?
Big shot! For you, I wouldn't lift a finger -- but for her, I'll fix a little something to eat.
I didn't really do anything -- honest -- I mean, you take a girl out a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're serious -- marriage-wise.
From me the doctor has no secrets. Poor girl -- how could you do a thing like that?
Ma'am?
Eggs he asks me for. Oranges. What you need is a good horse-whipping.
Mrs. Dreyfuss, can I borrow some coffee -- and maybe an orange and a couple of eggs?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal...  Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
Such a racket I heard in your place -- maybe you had burglars.
I seem to have dropped my key.  Oh -- here it is.
Something the matter?
Oh.  Hello there, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
It's a bet.
Shall we say -- a dollar?
I've been here twice as long as you have --
Care to make a small wager?
What gives, Baxter? You getting promoted or getting fired?
Oh!
She's been trying to reach you for the last twenty minutes. They want you up stairs.
Sheldrake?
All right -- I'll tell him.  Hey, Baxter -- that was Personnel. Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
Shut up and deal!
Did you hear what I said, Miss Kubelik? I absolutely adore you.
Seven --  -- queen.
I love you, Miss Kubelik.
I'm going to send him a fruit cake every Christmas.
What about Mr. Sheldrake?
In there.
That's funny -- so am I.  What did you do with the cards?
Where are you going? BUD Who knows? Another neighborhood -- another town -- another job -- I'm on my own.
Of course not.
Mind if I come in?
I'm fine all over.
Are you sure? How's your knee?
I'm fine.
Are you all right?
Good night, Miss Kubelik.
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
That's very wise.
No. You know how people talk. So I decided it would be better if we didn't see each other till everything is settled, divorce-wise.
Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake?
Oh.
No, thank you.  I -- well, to tell you the truth --  -- I have this heavy date for tonight --
Yes.  You walking to the subway?
For that matter, you were wrong about me, too. What you said about those who take and those who get took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't using me -- I was using him. See?  Last month I was at desk 861 on the nineteenth floor -- now I'm on the twenty-seventh floor, paneled office, three windows -- so it all worked out fine -- we're both getting what we want.
I guess so.
I told you all along. You see, you were wrong about Mr. Sheldrake.
I never thought he'd do it.
You mean, leaving his wife? Yeah. I'm very happy for you.
I know.  I suppose you heard about Mr. Sheldrake --?
Nothing's changed. You know, we never finished that gin game --
How's everything at the apartment?
Fine.
Fine. How's your eye?
Oh, Miss Kubelik. How do you feel?
So I want you to keep a clear head.
Oh.
We're going to finish that gin game.
I don't?
You don't have to if you don't want to --
What?
I mean, after that?
The dishes?
You know what we're going to do after dinner?
Cheers.
Oh, no. Sometimes I have dinner with Ed Sullivan, sometimes with Dinah Shore or Perry Como -- the other night I had dinner with Mae West -- of course, she was much younger then.  Cheers.
You usually eat alone?
You know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe -- shipwrecked among eight million people. Then one day I saw a footprint in the sand -- and there you were --  It's a wonderful thing -- dinner for two.
Might as well go all the way.
I see you bought some napkins.
It's a must -- gracious-living-wise.
Shall I light the candles?
You ought to see my backhand.  And wait till I serve the meatballs. 
Say, you're pretty good with that racquet.
No -- just come as you are.
Are we dressing for dinner?
Yes, nurse.
So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.
No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.
Of course not. Here's the fruit cake.  And you want to see my knee? 
Are you just making that up to make me feel better?
Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee -- but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds -- she sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.
That's terrible.
Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!
In the knee?
Here.
Where?
Anyway, I parked the car and loaded the gun -- well, you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves, but believe me, it's not that easy -- I mean, how do you do it? -- here, or here, or here --  -- you know where I finally shot myself?
No, I don't.
Worse than that -- she was the wife of my best friend -- and I was mad for her. But I knew it was hopeless -- so I decided to end it all. I went to a pawnshop and bought a forty-five automatic and drove up to Eden Park -- do you know Cincinnati?
Over a girl?
Well, maybe not exactly -- I tried to do it with a gun.
You did?
I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik. You think it's the end of the world -- but it's not, really. I went through exactly the same thing myself.
I wonder how long it takes to get someone you're stuck on out of your system? If they'd only invent some kind of a pump for that --
You can't leave yet. The doctor says it takes forty-eight hours to get the stuff out of your system.
I really ought to be getting home. My family will be flipping by now.
I wouldn't say that --  What would you like to have for diner? There's onion soup and canned asparagus --
Some people take, some people get took -- and they know they're getting took -- and there's nothing they can do about it.
A what?
I know so. He's a taker.
I guess so.
You mean to someone like Mr. Sheldrake.
It's just that I'm the kind of guy who can't say no -- I don't mean to girls -- I mean --
Yes, you are,  When I was straightening up the couch, you know what I found? Six hairpins, a lipstick, a pair of false eyelashes, and a swizzle stick from the Stork Club.
As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook -- but I'm a lousy housekeeper.
Tennis racquet? Oh, I remember -- I was cooking myself an Italian dinner.  I used it to strain the spaghetti. FRAN  Why not?
Well, things are a little disorganized around here.
It's very curious -- I could only find three and a half pair.
Thank you.
I was washing my stockings, so I decided I might as well do your socks.
What are you doing with that?
Oh.
In this house, you're supposed to.
Are you supposed to?
You turned it on -- but you didn't light it.
Yes. I was boiling some water to get the coffee stains out of my dress.
Gas.  Didn't you turn it on?
Sure.  What's that funny smell?
Are you all right?
I think you should. I have to run down to the grocery anyway -- all that's left around here is one frozen pizza --  I'll be right back -- okay?
I don't want to talk to him.
-- Mr. Sheldrake.
For me?
There's a call for you --
Yeah. Well -- that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise. Go to sleep.
Why can't I ever fall in love with somebody nice like you?
I would.
Who'd care?
Please, Miss Kubelik, you got to promise me you won't do anything foolish.
So they'll shoot me -- like a horse.
It's only one story down -- the best you can do is break a leg.
I just want some fresh air.
Now don't go getting any ideas, Miss Kubelik.
Would you mind opening the window?
Just somebody delivering a bottle of champagne. Like some?
Who was that?
Gin.
Sure.
You sure you want to throw that card?
You bet. I got a terrific hand.
Do I have to?
Pick up your cards and let's go.
I don't like myself very much anyway.
Well, for one thing, you can't spell. And secondly -- if you did something like that -- you'd hate yourself.
Why not?
Miss Kubelik, I don't think that's such a good idea.
As one woman to another -- I'm sure she'll understand --
You are?
I'm going to write a letter to Mrs. Sheldrake.
What for?
Can I have that pad and the pencil?
No doubt about it.
You really think so?
I'm sure that's the explanation.
Maybe he does love me -- only he doesn't have the nerve to tell his wife.
Mr. Sheldrake? Oh, yes. Very.
Was he really upset when you told him?
You better win a hand -- you're on a blitz.
Oh. I can type up a storm, but I can't spell. So they gave me a pair of white gloves and stuck me in an elevator -- that's how I met Jeff --  Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am I going to do now?
Too slow?
So I came to New York and moved in with my sister and her husband -- he drives a cab. They sent me to secretarial school, and I applied for a job with Consolidated - but I flunked the typing test --
Cut.
Three. The last one was manager of a finance company, back home in Pittsburgh -- they found a little shortage in his accounts, but he asked me to wait for him -- he'll be out in 1965.
I just have this talent for falling in love with the wrong guy in the wrong place at the wrong time. BUD  How many guys were there?
Gin.
I was fifteen -- we used to go there to smoke. His name was George -- he threw me over for a drum majorette.
A cemetery?
That's me with men. I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
A bad insurance risk?
What do you call it when somebody keeps getting smashed up in automobile accidents?
Pick a card.
I don't want it.
Yeah -- I know what you mean.  Queen.
Why do people have to love people, anyway?
Give what up?
I think I'm going to give it all up.
You don't have to entertain me.
I am. Let me get the cards.
I'm not very good at it.
You want me to move the television set in here?  You play gin rummy?
Sure.
That's right. Will you see that Mr. Sheldrake gets it?
There's nothing here but a hundred dollar bill.
Open it.
Yes, I've got it.  Don't you think we'd better destroy it? So it won't fall into the wrong hands -- ?
Oh. Did you find something here -- an envelope -- ?
Oh, I don't mind. As a matter of fact, I'm sort of flattered -- that anybody should think a girl like you -- would do a thing like this -- over a guy like me.
She doesn't seem to like you very much.
He's a liar. But that's not the worst part of it -- the worst part is -- I still love him.
Oh, you're wrong. He told me --
He doesn't give a damn about me.
I didn't mean it that way -- I was just talking to him on the phone -- he's very concerned about you.
Thanks for reminding me.
That's why we have to be careful -- we don't want to involve anybody -- after all, Mr. Sheldrake is a married man --
But they'll be worried about me -- my brother-in-law may be calling the police --
Miss Kubelik, I don't think you ought to call anybody -- not till that chewing gum is out of your head. 
They had to pump it out.
Your stomach?
No -- it's my stomach.
Something wrong with your legs?
As soon as I can walk.
When are you coming home?
Miss. 
What's her first name?
Baxter.
What's your friend's name?
I mean -- her apartment.
His apartment?
In his apartment.
And where are you now?
Someone from the office.
Who?
I'll tell her I spent the night with a friend.
You better figure it out -- exactly. Suppose she asks you why you didn't come home last night?
Well, I haven't figured it out, exactly.
Wait a minute -- let's talk this over first.  Just what are you going to tell her?
My sister -- she'll want to know what happened to me.
Who are you calling, Miss Kubelik?
I'll fix you some coffee.
No -- I don't want anything.
Here. How about some breakfast?
Oh -- of course. I think there's a new toothbrush somewhere.
I just want to go brush my teeth --
Miss Kubelik, I'm stronger than you are --
Sure I do. It's always nice to have company for Christmas.
You don't want me here --
You're in no condition to go anywhere -- except back to bed.
Where's my dress? I have to go home.
Two o'clock.
My head -- it feels like a big wad of chewing gum. What time is it?
What kind of talk is that?  So you got a little over- emotional -- but you're fine now.
I'm so ashamed. Why didn't you just let me die?
Let me help you.
I didn't know -- I had no idea this was your apartment --
Miss Kubelik --  -- you shouldn't be out of bed.
I'm sorry, Mr. Baxter.
I'm so tired -- DR. DREYFUSS Here -- drink this.
It's not important, Fran -- the main thing is that I got here in time -- and you're going to be all right --  -- isn't she, Doc?
I don't understand --
That's right.  I told you we had a fight -- that's what it was about -- Miss Olsen -- you know that other girl you saw --
Oh, yes -- office party -- Miss Olsen --
Don't you remember? We were at the office party together --
All right. Have a nice Christmas.
Oh.  Yes?  Just a minute.  If you don't mind -- this is sort of personal
Your phone.
I know. I like it this way -- makes me look the way I feel.
The mirror -- it's broken.
What is it?
After all, this is a conservative firm -- I don't want people to think I'm an entertainer --
Here.
You don't think it's tilted a little too much --
I think so.
No problem. Why don't we discuss it sometime over the holidays -- I could call you and pick you up and we'll have the big unveiling --  -- you sure this is the right way to wear it?
I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.
I thought maybe I could put in a word for you with Mr. Sheldrake -- get you a little promotion -- how would you like to be an elevator starter?
He and I are like this.  Sent me a Christmas card. See?
Why?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that. I have quite a bit of influence in Personnel. You know Mr. Sheldrake?
I'd better get back to my elevator. I don't want to be fired.
I understand. Christmas -- family and all that --
This is a bad day for me.
Well, as long as you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with me -- how about the three of us going out this evening -- you and me and the bowler -- stroll down Fifth Avenue -- sort of break it in --
Much better.
Maybe if I wore it a little more to the side --  is that better?
Of course not.
Really? You mean you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with somebody in a hat like this?
No -- I like it.
Guess I made a boo-boo, huh?
Why don't we step into any office? There's something I want your advice about, anyway.  I have my own office now, naturally. And you may be interested to know I'm the second youngest executive in the company -- the only one younger is a grandson of the chairman of the board.
Nothing.  There are just too many people here.
You all right? What's the matter?
I thought so.
Three.
How many of those drinks did you have?
Don't you believe it. Later on there will be human sacrifices -- white collar workers tossed into the computing machines, and punched full of those little square holes.
Why not?  They seem friendly enough.
By the power vested in me, I herewith declare this elevator out of order.  Shall we join the natives?
You're so right.
I shouldn't drink when I'm driving.
One more?
Cheers.
Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're tops. I mean, decency-wise -- and otherwise-wise.  Cheers.
Don't be too sure. Just because I wear a uniform -- that doesn't make me a Girl Scout.
You couldn't help yourself. I mean, when you're having a drink with one man, you can't just suddenly walk out on him because you have another date with another man. You did the only decent thing.
You shouldn't.
I forgive you.
I don't blame you. It was unforgivable.
Well, as a matter of fact, I was rather hurt when you stood me up that night --
In the last six weeks you've only been in my elevator once -- and then you didn't take your hat off.
What gave you that idea?
Thank you.  I thought you were avoiding me.
Marry Christmas.
Eight-thirty!
Well, don't tell the fellows in the office about the appendix. They may get the wrong idea how you found out.  'Bye.
I know your height, your weight and your Social Security number -- you had mumps, you had measles, and you had your appendix out.
Oh.
A couple of months ago I looked up your card in the group insurance file.
How come?
Oh, I even know who you live with -- your sister and brother-in- law -- I know when you were born -- and where -- I know all sorts of things about you.
Sounds good.  How do you know where I live?
They got a great little band at El Chico, in the Village -- it's practically around the corner from where you live.
So I see.
What cold? And after the show, we could go out on the town --  I've been taking from Arthur Murray.
How is your cold?
You know, I felt so lousy this morning -- a hundred and one fever -- then my promotion came up -- now you and I -- eleventh row center -- and you said I should have stayed in bed.
Meet you in the lobby. Okay?
All right? That's wonderful! It's the Majestic -- 44th Street.
Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.
Eight-thirty.
What time does the show go on?
Well, it was just an idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste --
Oh, I understand.
I'm afraid not. I promised to have a drink with him -- he's been calling me all week --
Well, in that case, couldn't you -- ?
It used to be serious -- at least I was -- but he wasn't -- so the whole thing is more or less kaputt.
This date -- is it just a date -- or is it something serious?
Just tell 'em -- now and then.
I wasn't trying to be personal -- it's just that the fellows in the office were -- whether you wondering about you ever --
No. Like a man.
Oh.  You mean -- like a girl-friend?
I'm sorry, but I can't tonight. I'm meeting somebody.
Yeah.
You mean tonight?
I thought maybe we could have a bite to eat first -- and then --
Sure.
Would you like to?
No.
Great. Look -- have you seen The Music Man?
How'd you make out on the twenty- seventh floor?
I almost didn't recognize you -- this is the first time I've ever seen you in civilian clothes.
Oh -- Miss Kubelik.  I've been waiting for you. FRAN You have?
Good night.
Good night.
Fine.  Wait.
I hope so.  Wouldn't you know they'd call me on a day like this -- with my cold and everything --  How do I look?
I hope everything goes all right.
I'd love to hear them. Maybe we could have lunch in the cafeteria sometime -- or some evening, after work --
The characters you meet. Something happens to men in elevators. Must be the change of altitude -- the blood rushes to their head, or something -- boy, I could tell you stories --
Really?
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.  You know, you're the only one around here who ever takes his hat off in the elevator.
Why not? Now that they're kicking me upstairs --
You're beginning to sound like Mr. Kirkeby already.
You may not realize it, Miss Kubelik, but I'm in the top ten -- efficiency-wise and this may be the day -- promotion-wise.
Twenty-seven.
I should have stayed in bed last night.
You should have stayed in bed this morning.
That's me. 
Well, to make the figures come out even -- since I have no colds a year -- some poor slob must have five colds a year.
Why?
That makes me feel just terrible.
Really?  I was looking at some figures from the Sickness and Accident Claims Division -- do you know that the average New Yorker between the ages of twenty and fifty has two and a half colds a year?
Oh, I never catch colds.
Yeah.  I better not get too close.
Say, you got a lulu.
I sort of like it.
It was making me nervous, so I chopped it off.  Big mistake, huh?
What did you do to your hair?
Morning, Miss Kubelik.
Morning, Mr. Baxter.
Gas?
I thought I smelled gas coming from your apartment.
What for?
Oh, Mr. Baxter -- I'm glad you're here -- I was just going to get the passkey.
I'm warning you, Mr. Baxter -- this is a respectable house, not a honky-tonky.  Come on, Oscar.
Don't worry about Dr. Dreyfuss -- I happen to know he was out on a case.
What you get from renting to bachelors. All night I didn't sleep ten minutes -- and I'm sure you woke up Dr. Dreyfuss.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Lieberman -- and I'll never invite those people again.
All that marching -- tramp, tramp, tramp -- you were having army maneuvers maybe?
Last night?
So who did you think it was -- Kris Kringle? What was going on here last night?
Oh -- Mrs. Lieberman.
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
No, no.  Just waiting for a friend. Good night, Mrs. Lieberman.
Some weather we're having.  Must be from all the meshugass at Cape Canaveral.  You locked out of your apartment?
Good evening, Mrs. Lieberman.
Good evening, Mr. Baxter.
Save it. The old payola won't work any more. Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.
Now hold on, Baxter --
Just following doctor's orders. I've decided to become a mensch. You know what that means? A human being.
What's gotten into you, Baxter?
That's right, Mr. Sheldrake. I won't be needing it -- because I'm all washed up around here.
But this is the key to the executive washroom.
No I didn't.
Say, Baxter -- you gave me the wrong key.
Thank you, sir.
Now you're being bright?
So what's it going to be?
I dig.
Baxter, I picked you for my team because I thought you were a bright young man. You realize what you're doing? Not to me -- but to yourself. Normally it takes years to work your way up to the twenty-seventh floor -- but it takes only thirty seconds to be out on the street again. You dig?
No key!
How's that again?
Especially not Miss Kubelik.
I'm not just bringing anybody -- I'm bringing Miss Kubelik.
You're not going to bring anybody up to my apartment.
What do you mean, sorry?
Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake.
Now I'll have to borrow your key.
Very clever.
You know that other key to your apartment -- well, when we had that little scare about Miss Kubelik, I thought I'd better get rid of it quick -- so I threw it out the window of the commuter train.
Don't mind what?
The only thing is I'm staying at the Athletic Club -- and it's strictly stag so if you don't mind --
I see.
Me, too. I'm taking Miss Kubelik out -- I finally talked her into it --
Naturally.
I suppose you'll be on the town tonight -- celebrating?
Yes, sir.
You're working too hard, Baxter. It's New Year's Eve -- relax.
Here's the breakdown of figures on personnel turnover. Thirty-seven percent of our female employees leave to get married, twenty-two percent quit because --
Oh?
I got kicked in the head, too.
That's just one of the privileges that goes with this job. You also get a nice little expense account, the use of the executive washroom --  Say, what happened to you, Baxter?
Yes, sir.
Oh, sure, sure. But first the property settlement has to be worked out -- then it takes six weeks in Reno -- meanwhile, I'm going to enjoy being a bachelor for a while.  Oh, by the way, you can now have lunch in the executive dining room --
Well, it's just that so many things have been happening so fast -- I'm very pleased -- especially for Miss Kubelik. Now that I've gotten to know her better, I think she's the kind of girl that definitely ought to be married to somebody --
My assistant, Roy Thompson, has been shifted to the Denver office, and you're taking his place.  What's the matter, Baxter? You don't seem very excited.
Mine?
You like?  It's all yours.
Swell. And don't think I've forgotten what you did for me.  This way, Baxter.
It's about Miss Kubelik -- she's all right again -- so she went back home.
Now what was your news, Baxter?
Yeah --
Well, if you must know -- I fired my secretary, my secretary got to my wife, and my wife fired me. Ain't that a kick in the head?
You left your wife?
That's right.  I've moved out of my house -- I'm going to be staying in town, at the Athletic Club.
You're going to take her off my hands?
I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.
Sir?
And I've got good news for you, Baxter. All your troubles are over.
Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you --
Like what? Put yourself in my place, Baxter -- how can I help her -- my hands are tied --
For me? I don't think so. But I was hoping maybe you could do something for her --
Oh.  Well, if there's anything I can do for you --
No, thank you, Mr. Sheldrake. As a matter of fact, I've got some money for you -- a hundred dollars --
Good. Is there anything you need -- money -- ?
Yes, she's in the shower -- she's coming along fine, considering.
Yes, sir -- I understand.  She left a note -- you want me to open it and read it to you?  Well, it was just a suggestion -- no, you don't have to worry about that, Mr. Sheldrake -- I kept your name out of it so there'll be no trouble, police-wise or newspaper- wise --
That's impossible.  You'll have to handle this situation yourself -- as a matter of fact, I'm counting on you --
I thought maybe you'd like to be here when she wakes up.
What?
I didn't want to tell you over the phone but that certain party -- you know who I mean -- I found her here last night -- she had taken an overdose of sleeping pills.
You're not making sense, Baxter. What's this all about?
I hate to disturb you, but something came up -- it's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see me -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible.
Hello? -- yes -- what's on your mind, Baxter?
Roger. And I'll get that other key.
Put me down for Thursday again.
Yes, sir. That's the life, all right.
Yeah.  You know, Baxter, I envy you. Bachelor -- all the dames you want -- no headaches, no complications --
No, sir. That's very unfair -- especially to your wife.
You see a girl a couple of times a week -- just for laughs -- and right away she thinks you're going to divorce your wife. I ask you -- is that fair?
I know how it is.
You know how it is -- sooner or later they all give you a bad time.
Sir?
So it was.  She threw it at me.
The mirror is broken.  It was broken when I found it.
Oh, yes. Thanks.
I mean -- the young lady -- whoever she may be -- it was on the couch when I got home last night.
To me?
Yes, sir. You can't be too careful.
No, you don't understand. She's a busybody -- always poking her nose into things -- and with that key passing back and forth -- why take chances?
Oh, yes. Very attractive. Is she -- the lucky one?
You know my secretary -- Miss Olsen --
Well -- I guess so.
Fine. And I want you to know I'll work very hard to justify your confidence in me -- SHELDRAKE Sure you will.  Say, Baxter, about the apartment - now that you got a raise, don't you think we can afford a second key?
I like the way you handled that. Well, how does it feel to be an executive?
Don't thank me -- thank your friends here -- they're the ones who recommended you.
Oh, yes, sir. Very much. And I want to thank you --
Morning, gentlemen.  Everything satisfactory? You like your office?
You too, sir.
Here you are, Baxter. Have a nice time.
Oh, no sir. Certainly not. Anyway, it's none of my business -- four apples, five apples -- what's the difference -- percentage-wise?
Not that I have anything to hide.
Oh, you don't have to worry --
You know how people talk.
Yes, of course.
Now remember, Baxter -- this is going to be our little secret.
Thank you, sir.
Relax, Baxter.
Oh -- terribly sorry. It's that cold --
Now put down the key --  -- and put down the address.
I am?
That's good thinking, Baxter. Next month there's going to be a shift in personnel around here -- and as far as I'm concerned, you're executive material.
This?
Oh?  Oh!
It also says here -- that you are alert, astute, and quite imaginative --
Swap them? For what?
I'm not just giving those tickets, Baxter -- I want to swap them.
So do I -- I'm going to take four aspirins and get into bed -- so you better give the tickets to somebody else --
Baxter, you're not reading me. I told you I have plans.
Well, that's very kind of you -- only I'm not feeling well -- you see, I have this cold -- and I thought I'd go straight home.
I made other plans. You can have both tickets.
You mean -- you and me? I thought you were taking the branch manager from Kansas City --
How would you like to go tonight?
Not yet. But I hear it's one swell show.
The reason I called is -- I won't be home for dinner tonight. The branch manager from Kansas City is in town -- I'm taking him to the theatre Music Man, what else? No, don't wait up for me -- 'bye, darling.  Tell me something,  Baxter  -- have you seen Music Man?
Yes, sir.
I'm not through with you yet.
Well, I don't want to intrude -- and I thought -- since it's all straightened out anyway --
Where are you going, Baxter?
Well, usually I slip it to them in the office and they leave it under the mat -- but never again -- I can promise you that --
How do you work it with the key?
West 67th Street. You have no idea what I've been going through -- with the neighbors and the landlady and the liquor and the key --
Where is your apartment?
Oh, it won't. Believe me. And it's not going to happen again. From now on, nobody is going to use my apartment --
That's not the point. Four rotten apples in a barrel -- no matter how large the barrel -- you realize that if this ever leaked out --
Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.
Baxter, an insurance company is founded on public trust. Any employee who conducts himself in a manner unbecoming --  How many charter members are there in this little club of yours?
Well, about six months ago -- I was going to night school, taking this course in Advanced Accounting -- and one of the guys in our department -- he lives in Jersey -- he was going to a banquet at the Biltmore -- his wife was meeting him in town, and he needed someplace to change into a tuxedo -- so I gave him the key    and word must have gotten around -- because the next thing I knew, all sorts of guys were suddenly going to banquets -- and when you give the key to one guy, you can't say no to another and the whole thing got out of hand -- pardon me.
You better.
No, sir. I'm not going to deny it. But if you'd just let me explain --
Are you going to deny it?
Oh.
Loyal, cooperative, resourceful C. C. Baxter.
Who?
There's a certain key floating around the office -- from Kirkeby to Vanderhof to Eichelberger to Dobisch -- it's the key to a certain apartment -- and you know who that apartment belongs to?
Sir?
What kind of joint are you running?
What -- what's that got to do with me? I'm not running any bookie joint.
That's right, Baxter.
The Vice Squad?
In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.
You do?
Look, Baxter, I'm not stupid. I know everything that goes on in this building -- in every department -- on every floor -- every day of the year.
Would you mind repeating the question?
Think.
I don't know.
Tell me, Baxter -- just what is it that makes you so popular?
That's very flattering.
Mr. Vanderhof, in Public Relations, and Mr. Eichelberger, in Mortgage and Loan -- they'd both like to have you transferred to their departments.
Well, you know how it is -- things pile up.
And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that several nights a week you work late at the office -- without overtime.
Mr. Dobisch said that?
Been hearing some very nice things about you -- here's a report from Mr. Dobisch -- loyal, cooperative, resourceful --
Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
I was sort of wondering what you looked like. Sit down.
Yes, sir.
Baxter?
Who else?
You?
On account of me.
What does he mean, accident?
No, no -- just had a little accident.
Fran been sick or something?
Oh, this is Mr. Matuschka -- he's Miss Kubelik's -- he's got a cab downstairs --
What's the matter with Miss Kubelik?
Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.
All we were going to do is eat and wash the dishes --
Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks -- MATUSCHKA  It's none of my business what you do, Fran -- you're over twenty- one -- but your sister happens to think you're a lady.
Okay, get your clothes on. I got the cab downstairs.
How do you do, Mr. Matuschka?
Yes?
Baxter?
No!
Say, why don't we have ourselves a party -- the four of us?
Now will you get out?
Buddy-boy, why didn't you say so?  You got yourself a little playmate, huh?
Are you going to leave, Mr. Kirkeby, or do I have to throw you out?
Baxter, I don't want to pull rank on you -- but I told the lady it was all set -- you want to make a liar out of me?
Look, you can't stay here. Just take your champagne and go.
What's the matter with you, Buddy- boy? I made a reservation for four o'clock, remember?
You can't come in.
What do I -- ?  Just a minute.
What do you want?
Hi, Baxter.
So long, fellas. Drop in any time. The door is always open -- to my office.
So long, Baxter. We know you won't let us down.
Oh, I'm very grateful.
Baxter, we're a little disappointed in you -- gratitude-wise.
Well -- it's all right with me, Bud. Let me check. I'll get back to you.
Instead of Friday -- could you possibly switch to Thursday? You'd be doing me a great favor --
Hello? Yeah, Baxter. What's up?
Listen to him.  Little Lord Fauntleroy!
Could be she's just a nice, respectable girl -- there are millions of them.
A lot of guys around here have tried it -- all kinds of approaches -- no dice.  What is she trying to prove?
Maybe you're using the wrong approach.
I'm a pretty good operator myself -- but she just won't give me a tumble -- date-wise.
Oh, yes.  She's the best operator in the building.
That Kubelik -- boy!  Would I like to get her on a slow elevator to China.
Yes, sir.  They are indeed. 
Oh, how are you, Baxter.  They keeping you busy these days?
Good morning, Mr. Kirkeby.
I'll pay you on Friday.  And whatever happened to those little cheese crackers you used to have around?
Yes, Mr. Kirkeby.  You still owe me for the last two bottles --
Well, lay in some vodka and some vermouth -- and put my name on it.
I know.  Mr. Eichelberger -- in the Mortgage Loan Department -- last night he had a little Halloween party here --
You're on your way up, Buddy-boy. And you're practically out of liquor.
That's right.  We were discussing our department -- manpower-wise -- and promotion-wise --  -- and I told him what a bright boy you were.  They're always on the lookout for young executives. BUD Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.
Mr. Sheldrake?
Sure, sure.  Look, kid -- I put in a good word for you with Sheldrake, in Personnel.
I don't mind in the summer -- but on a rainy night -- and I haven't had any dinner yet --
I know, Buddy-boy, I know.  But those things don't always run on schedule -- like a Greyhound bus.
Mr. Kirkeby, I don't like to complain -- but you were supposed to be out of here by eight.
Listen, Baxter, we made you and we can break you.
You threatening me?
You'll be a lot sorrier before we're through with you.
I sympathize with your problem -- and believe me, I'm very sorry --
Well, after all, it's my apartment -- it's private property -- it's not a public playground.
We went to bat for you -- and now you won't play ball with us.
I have a vague idea.
Teamwork -- that's what counts in an organization like this. All for one and one for all -- know what I mean?
Thank you, Mr. Dobisch.
That's a shame. I'll send the key right down. And about your promotion --  -- I'm sending that efficiency report right up to Mr. Sheldrake, in Personnel. I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.
And I couldn't get into my apartment -- so at four a. m. I had to wake up the landlady and give her a whole song and dance about going out to mail a letter and the door slamming shut.
It is?  Well, how about that? No wonder I couldn't get into the executive washroom this morning.
Oh, I found a key there, all right -- only it's the wrong key.
I did, didn't I? I distinctly remember bending over and putting it there --
It's not Picasso I'm calling about. It's the key -- to my apartment -- you were supposed to leave it under the mat.
Oh, Buddy-boy. I was just about to call you.  I'm sorry about that mess on the living room wall. You see, my little friend, she kept insisting Picasso was a bum -- so she started to do that mural -- but I'm sure it will wash off -- just eyebrow pencil.
Yes, Mr. Dobisch.
Let me worry about that.  Just leave the key under the mat and clear out.
I'm all out of liquor -- and there's no clean glasses -- no cheese crackers -- no nothing.
Make it thirty minutes.  What do you say, Bud?
It's only eleven -- and I just want the place for forty-five minutes.
Of course not.  But -- how can I be efficient in the office if I don't get enough sleep at night?
Look, Baxter -- we're making out the monthly efficiency rating -- and I'm putting you in the top ten. Now you don't want to louse yourself up, do you?
I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no.
Buddy-boy -- she won't keep that long -- not even on ice.  Listen, kid, I can't pass this up -- she looks like Marilyn Monroe.
I'm sorry, Mr. Dobisch.  You know I like to help you guys out -- but it's sort of late -- so why don't we make it some other time?
That's okay, Buddy-boy.  Now like I was saying, I'm in this joint on Sixty-first -- and I think I got lucky --  -- she's a skater with the Ice Show --  -- and I thought maybe I could bring her up for a quiet drink.
Oh, yes, Mr. Dobisch.  I didn't recognize your voice --
Dobisch -- Joe Dobisch, in Administration.
Well, that's very nice of you -- but who is this?
Hiya, Buddy-boy.  I'm in this bar on Sixty-first Street -- and I got to thinking about you -- and I figured I'd give you a little buzz.
Yeah.
Quite an office -- name on the door -- rug on the floor -- the whole schmear.
Wednesday -- Wednesday --  I got somebody penciled in -- let me see what I can do -- I'll get back to you.
Okay, you made your point. We'll just have to do it next Wednesday -- that's the only night of the week I can get away.
Oh, no. I'd get pneumonia -- and if I got pneumonia, I'd be in bed for a month -- and if I were in bed for a month --
Buddy-boy, that's the worst thing you can do. If you got a cold, you should go to a Turkish bath -- spend the night there -- sweat it out --
Thank you, Mr. Vanderhof. But I'm sick -- I have this terrible cold -- and a fever -- and I got to go to bed right after work.
That's not like you, Baxter. Just the other day, at the staff meeting, I was telling Mr. Sheldrake what a reliable man you were.
I hate to disappoint you -- I mean, many happy returns -- but not tonight --
Cancel? But it's her birthday -- I already ordered the cake --
Look, Mr. Vanderhof -- I've got you down here for tonight -- but I'm going to be using the place myself -- so I'll have to cancel.
Dear Mr. MacIntosh --  Vanderhof, Public Relations. Oh, yes, Baxter. Just a minute.  All right, Miss Finch -- type up what we got so far.  Now what is it, Baxter?
Happy New Year.
You know me with girls. Easy come, easy go. Goodbye, Doc.
Forget it -- I didn't do it as a doctor -- I did it as a neighbor.  By the way, whatever happened to her?
No, thanks -- I don't feel like it. Look, Doc -- in case I don't see you again -- how much do I owe you for taking care of that girl?
Booze we don't need. Why don't you join us, Baxter? We got two brain surgeons, an ear, nose and throat specialist, a proctologist, and three nurses from Bellevue.
Can you use a bottle of champagne?
Me? Oh, you mean my body. Don't worry, Doc -- it'll go to the University -- I'll put it in writing --
Sorry to lose you, Baxter.
I don't know. All I know is I got to get out of this place.
Where are you moving to?
Yeah -- I'm giving up the apartment.
What's this -- you packing?
Well, I have things to do --
How come you're alone on New Year's Eve?
Sure, Doc.
Say, Baxter -- we're having a little party and we ran out of ice -- so I was wondering --
Not you -- Miss Kubelik.
Oh, I'm fine, Doc.
How's the patient?
But you're not out of the woods yet, Baxter -- because most of them try it again!  You know where I am if you need me.
Yeah, wasn't I?
A mansch -- a human being! So you got off easy this time -- so you were lucky --
I'm not sure.
I don't know what you did to that girl in there -- and don't tell me -- but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on. Live now, pay later. Diner's Club!  Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a mensch! You know what that means?
Help yourself.
Well, as a doctor, I guess I can't prove it wasn't an accident.  But as your neighbor, I'd like to kick your keester clear around the block.  Mind if I cool this off?
It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor --
Aren't you?
She didn't mean it, Doc -- it was an accident -- she had a little too much to drink and -- she didn't know what she was doing -- there was no suicide note or anything -- believe me, Doc, I'm not thinking about myself --
It's regulations.
Why do you want to know, Doc? You don't have to report this, do you?
What's her address?  Where does she live?
Kubelik -- with two k's.
How do you spell her last name?
Sure.
Any of that coffee left?
These cases are harder on the doctor than on the patient. I ought to charge you by the mile.
Just as long as she's okay.
She'll sleep on and off for the next twenty-four hours. Of course, she'll have a dandy hangover when she wakes up --
Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet --
Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!
Hello, Miss Kubelik.
Fran, I'm a doctor. I'm here because you took too many sleeping pills. Do you understand what I'm saying?  Fran, I'm Dr. Dreyfuss -- I'm here to help you. You took all those sleeping pills -- remember?
Miss Kubelik -- Fran.
What's her name?
You know, Baxter, you're a real cutie-pie -- yes, you are.
Something like that.
So you went right out and picked yourself up another dame.
I don't know -- I mean -- I wasn't here -- you see -- we had some words earlier -- nothing serious, really -- what you might call a lovers' quarrel --
Want to tell me what happened?
Get that stuff out of her stomach -- if it isn't too late. You better put some coffee on -- and pray.
What are you going to do, Doc?
It was half-full -- about a dozen or so. You going to have to take her to the hospital?
How many pills were in that bottle?
She going to be all right, Doc?
Let me get my bag.
There's a girl in my place -- she took some sleeping pills -- you better come quick -- I can't wake her up.
Slow down, kid.
My body?  I'm afraid you guys would be disappointed.  Good night, Doc.
When you make out your will -- and the way you're going, you should -- would you mind leaving your body to the University?
Me?
You know, Baxter -- I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center -- and I wonder if you could do us a favor?
Yeah.  Well -- see you, Doc. 
Sometimes,  there's a twi-night double-header.  A nebbish like you!
I'm sorry if it gets noisy --
As a matter of fact, you must be an iron man all around. From what I hear through the walls, you got something going for you every night.
Oh, that's not me.  It's just that once in a while, I have some people in for a drink.
Say, Baxter -- the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys.
Oh.  'Bye, Doc.
Yeah.  Some clown at Schrafft's 57th Street ate a club sandwich, and forgot to take out the toothpick.
Hi, Doc.  Had a late call?
Good evening, Baxter.
You bet I will. And when I tell him how you treated me, he'll push your face in.  You fink!
Here -- find yourself a phone booth and call your husband in Havana.
My shoes.
Nothing.  Just clear out, will you?
Say, what's going on here, anyway?
It's an emergency -- see you some other time.
What's the matter? Did I do something wrong?
The party's over.
Good night?
Good night.
Not so rough, honey.
I'm with you, lover.
Well, they haven't got me yet, baby. Dig up some ice from the kitchen and let's not waste any time -- preliminary-wise.
Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps just to think about it.
Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that --  -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.
No kidding.
Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot.
Say, this is Snugsville.
I don't know you at all. BUD Permit me -- C.C. Baxter -- junior executive, Arthur Murray graduate, lover.
Stuck on her! Obviously, you don't know me very well.
Still stuck on her, huh.
She may be a girl -- but she's no friend of mine.
You got a girl-friend?
No.
Can I ask you a personal question?
Not particularly.
Poor Mickey -- when I think of him all by himself in that jail in Havana --  -- want to see his picture?
Might as well go to mine -- everybody else does.
Where do we go -- my place or yours?
I said I had no family -- I didn't say I had an empty apartment.
A night like this, it sort of spooks you to walk into an empty apartment.
No.
Family?
No.
'Twas the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring -- Nothing -- No action -- Dullsville!  You married?
Well, you can't win 'em all.
Mickey? He wouldn't do nothing like that. He's a jockey. They caught him doping a horse.
Oh. Mixed up in that revolution?
My husband. He's in Havana -- in jail.
Who is Mickey?
All I wanted him to do was let Mickey out for Christmas.
That so.
Because as far as I'm concerned, he's a no good fink. Two weeks ago I wrote him a letter -- never even answered me.
What about him?
You know, that big-shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard.
You like Castro?  I mean -- how do you feel about Castro? BUD What is Castro?
Yeah, he's punchy. Talking to himself.
That guy really must've belted him.
Hit by a swinging door? Or maybe a Yellow Cab?
Hi, Buddy-boy. What happened to you?
Yeah. What's Buddy-boy done for us lately?
Why not? We don't owe Buddy-boy anything.
I see.  What do you think, Al? Can we help the man?
What gripes me is the two of them were guzzling my champagne while Sylvia and I wound up at the Guggenheim Museum.
A.W.O.L.?
Toot? It's more like a lost weekend. Neither of them showed up for work today.
No kidding. Buddy-boy and Kubelik having themselves a little toot!
Kubelik.
Who?
-- so yesterday afternoon I take Sylvia up to the apartment, and guess who he's got stashed away in the bedroom?
You can't sleep.  Come on, Fran -- open your eyes.  Let's get her walking. We've got to keep her awake for the next couple of hours.
Please -- just let me sleep.
Mr. Baxter -- nineteenth floor.
Do you know who this is?  Look at him.
I don't know.
Yes, you do. Now concentrate.
No.
Do you know where you are, Fran?
I took sleeping pills.
And what happened to you?
Dr. Dreyfuss.
Tell me again -- what's my name?
Get more coffee.
Dreyfuss.
Dr. Dreyfuss.
Doctor.
That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.
Sleeping pills.
Goodbye, Mr. Baxter.
Come on, Fran.
You fool -- you damn fool.
Why did you take sleeping pills?
Because I took some sleeping pills. But I'm all right now -- so let's go.
What for?
This is my brother-in-law, Karl Matuschka.
What's with you, Fran -- did you forget where you live?
Always happy to do something for our girls in uniform.
Well -- thank you.
What for? You haven't done anything -- it's him -- what a salesman -- always the last booth in the Chinese restaurant -- and the same pitch about divorcing his wife -- and in the end you wind up with egg foo yong on your face.
Will you excuse me?
And before me there was Miss Rossi in Auditing -- and after me there was Miss Koch in Disability -- and just before you there was Miss What's-Her-Name, on the twenty- fifth floor --
I don't know what you're talking about.
So you don't have to play innocent with me. He used to tell his wife that I was the branch manager from Seattle -- four years ago when we were having a little ring-a-ding- ding.
Yes, I know.
I beg your pardon? MISS OLSEN I'm Miss Olsen -- Mr. Sheldrake's secretary.
Hi. How's the branch manager from Kansas City?
I'd spell it out for you -- only I can't spell.
What are you talking about?
I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles -- cookie-wise.
That little punk -- after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment -- especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway?
The nerve.
Just walked out on me -- quit -- threw that big fat job right in my face.
He wouldn't.
He wouldn't give me the key to the apartment.
Baxter?
I didn't plan it this way, Fran -- actually, it's all Baxter's fault.
Ring out the old year, ring in the new. Ring-a-ding-ding.
I know it's a drag -- but you can't find a hotel room in town -- not on New Year's Eve.
Atlantic City?
I rented a car -- it's going to be here at one o'clock -- we're driving to Atlantic City.
All set for what?
Sorry it took me so long on the phone. But we're all set.
There you go again -- you know I didn't mean it that way, Fran. Just get well -- do what the nurse tells you -- I mean Baxter -- and I'll see you as soon as I can. Bye, Fran. 
Of course I'm not here -- because the whole thing never happened -- I never took those pills -- I never loved you -- we never even met -- isn't that the way you want it?
Are you there, Fran?
Fran, why did you do it? It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran?  Fran --
Hello, Jeff.  Yes, I'm all right.
It won't always be like this.  I love you, Fran.
Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again --
Don't forget to kill the lights. See you Monday.
You run along -- I want to fix my face.
Coming?
You'll miss your train, Jeff.
Stop that, Fran.
A hundred dollars? I wouldn't call that cheap. And you must be paying somebody something for the use of the apartment --
Don't ever talk like that, Fran! Don't make yourself out to be cheap.
Okay.  I just thought as long as it was paid for --
I have a present for you. I didn't quite know what to get you -- anyway it's a little awkward for me, shopping --  -- so here's a hundred dollars -- go out and buy yourself something.
Yeah, we better.
Oh. Our friend from the Chinese restaurant. Thanks, Fran. We better keep it here.
Merry Christmas.
It's Christmas Eve, Fran -- let's not fight.
How could I be so stupid? You'd think I would have learned by now -- when you're in love with a married man, you shouldn't wear mascara.
Okay, okay, Fran. I deserve that. But just ask yourself -- why does a man run around with a lot of girls? Because he's unhappy at home -- because he's lonely, that's why -- all that was before you, Fran -- I've stopped running.
And just think -- right now there's some lucky girl in the building who's going to come after me --
Now, Fran --
I was never very good at history. Let me see -- there was Miss Olsen, and then there was Miss Rossi -- no, she came before -- it was Miss Koch who came after Miss Olsen --
Is that what's been bothering you -- Miss Olsen? That's ancient history.
Funny thing happened to me at the office party today -- I ran into your secretary -- Miss Olsen. You know -- ring-a-ding-ding? I laughed so much I like to died.
Well, that's more like it. At least you're speaking to me.
Yeah -- that's me. The Happy Idiot -- a million laughs.
Come on, Fran -- don't be like that. You just going to sit there and keep bawling?  You won't talk to me, you won't tell me what's wrong --  Look, I know you think I'm stalling you. But when you've been married to a woman for twelve years, you don't just sit down at the breakfast table and say "Pass the sugar -- and I want a divorce." It's not that easy.  Anyway, this is the wrong time. The kids are home from school -- my in- laws are visiting for the holidays -- I can't bring it up now.  This isn't like you, Fran -- you were always such a good sport -- such fun to be with --
I promise.
Where are we going, Jeff? Not back to that leaky boat --
I love you -- remember?
I have that date -- remember?
Fran --
You know I do.
I'm sure. If you'll just tell me that you still love me --
Are you sure that's what you want?
Of course not. You had nothing to do with it.
Let's get something straight, Jeff -- I never asked you to leave your wife.
What do you think?
Handle what?
I saw my lawyer this morning -- I wanted his advice  -- about the best way to handle it --
Okay. I'm sorry.
If you'll just listen to me for a minute --
I wasn't trying.
You're not being funny.
Just trust me, baby -- we'll work it out somehow --
That's enough, Fran.
They got it an a long playing record now - Music to String Her Along By. My wife doesn't understand me -- We haven't gotten along for years -- You're the best thing that ever happened to me --
You didn't really believe me, did you?
We didn't talk about it -- you did.
I mean -- about my getting a divorce.
We talked about a lot of things.
Remember what we talked about?
Do I. That leaky little boat you rented -- and me in a black negligee and a life preserver --
Fran -- remember that last weekend we had?
Not very -- but I'm going to be there anyway.
Important?
No. I have a date at eight-thirty.
Not here, Fran. Can't we go some place else?
You're not giving me a chance, Fran. I asked you to meet me because -- I have something to tell you. FRAN Go ahead -- tell me.
Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm full up. You'll have to take the next elevator.
I want you back, Fran.
Why do you keep calling me, Jeff? What do you want from me?
How do you think I felt -- riding home on that seven-fourteen train?
For a while there, you try kidding yourself that you're going with an unmarried man. Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there's any lipstick showing, then rushes off to catch the seven-fourteen to White Plains. So you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee -- and you sit there by yourself -- and you think -- and it all begins to look so ugly --
I never said goodbye, Fran.
Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful months this summer -- and that was it. Happens all the time -- the wife and kids go away to the country, and the boss has a fling with the secretary or the manicurist -- or the elevator girl. Comes September, the picnic is over -- goodbye. The kids go back to school, the boss goes back to the wife, and the girl --  They don't make these shrimp like they used to.
I don't believe you.
Let's not start on that again, Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning to get over it.
You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran.
-- same sauce -- sweet and sour.
It's been hell.
Like old times. Same booth, same song --
I missed you, Fran.
Six weeks. But who's counting?
How long has it been -- a month?
Yes, I know. You want a lock to carry in your wallet?
You know I liked it better long.
That's right.
It's on the way.  I see you went ahead and cut your hair.
No, Jeff. I can't stay very long.  Can I have a frozen daiquiri?
Let me take that.
Still afraid somebody may see us together?
That's fine. But what are we going to do about grandma and Uncle Herman and Aunt Sophie and my two nieces --
Why don't we send her to a movie -- like Ben-Hur?
She's home -- stuffing a turkey.
What's your mother doing this afternoon?
Go where?
A little mixup in signals. Let's go.
What gives?
Stay with it, Buddy-boy!  Come on, Sylvia.
Bob WHO? -- all right, so we'll watch it at the apartment. Big deal.  Baxter? It's okay for Thursday.
Thursday? That's The Untouchables -- with Bob Stack.
Okay, okay. Look, Sylvia -- instead of Friday - could we make it Thursday night?
Yes? Oh, hello -- sure I got home all right -- you owe me forty-five cents.
Certainly not.  I'm a happily married man.
You mean you bring other girls up here?
Why do all you dames have to live in the Bronx?
Like hell you will.  You'll buy me a cab.
All right -- I'll take you to the subway.
A hundred and seventy-ninth street -- the Bronx.
Where does she live?
I told you -- with my mother.
Where do you live?
Don't you ever stop talking?
You got to watch those things. Wives are getting smarter all the time.  Take Mr. Bernheim -- in the Claims Department -- came home one night with lipstick on his shirt -- told his wife he had a shrimp cocktail for lunch -- so she took it out to the lab and had it analyzed -- so now she has the house in Great Neck and the children and the new Jaguar --
Sssssh.
Some setup you got here.  A real, honest-to-goodness love nest.
What's the difference?  Some schnook that works in the office.
What guy?  Whose apartment is this, anyway?
Sylvia -- sweetie -- it's not that -- but I promised the guy I'd be out of here by eight o'clock, positively.
First you can't wait to get me up here, and now -- rush, rush, rush! Makes a person feel cheap.
Please, Sylvia!  It's a quarter to nine!
Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.
I'd appreciate it if you'd be out of here as soon as you can.
You let me go four years ago, Jeff. Only you were cruel enough to make me sit out there and watch the new models pass by.
You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay --  That's right, Miss Olsen. I'm letting you go.
It won't happen again.
But I thought you could hold your tongue.
I'm sorry, Jeff. You know I could never hold my liquor --
Me? SHELDRAKE Thank you for giving that little pep talk to Miss Kubelik at the office party.
Lovely. You were a big help.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Oh -- oh!
Propagate -- you know, multiply -- baby flies?
See if they'll what?
Maybe we should send up two flies -- and see if they'll propagate in orbit.
It's a thought.
Hey, Dad -- why don't we put a fly in the nose cone and see if we can bring it back alive?
