I will -- I assure you that -- You got a fifty on that H-34 -- leave the ammo in boxes -- I'll get my men to bring the first drum with 'em --
I don't know what you're talking about -- Get fucked --
We can use some fifty caliber and a 16 too --
Two whole drums --
Men of all races -- nationalities --
Get out --
You make some of your closest friends in the army -- war has a way of bringing men together.
You can keep your fucking fuel --
One for all -- all for one --
No -- absolutely not --
Esprit de corps --
How far do you think you can push -- what kind of people do you think --
We have a lot of pride in our unit --
You're out of your skull --
That's what there is to talk about -- my man -- I take a good care of my men --
What !
My men --
What's there to talk about -- this whole thing disgusts me.
Sit down -- we'll talk about it.
Wait -- wait -- don't get up tight -- what I meant was we'd need a whole drum for that --
We need all our fuel anyway.
Now just a second -- I'm doing you a favor, buddy -- what're you trying to pull?
I said I like all of them.
Good -- like I said, take your pick.
I like all of them --
Take your pick -- they all like you -- I can tell --
I'm not that fond of blondes -- maybe I like brunettes --
Look -- you know who that is, Captain -- you know what she's saying -- you'll never see stuff that good outside of a magazine for the rest of your life.
We need all our fuel.
We could use some fuel -- just a half drum -- just enough to get us out a here.
Well --
Look -- the girls could get killed -- we're not supposed to be this close combat, I mean real combat.
Dreadful.
Well I mean like they also took our fuel -- We've been here two days.
Yeah.
Look -- we got in a little trouble -- they rudely took our helicopter for MedEvac work on this -- uh Operation Brute Force -- They just brought it back this morning.
Captain Willard -- go ahead.
Oh -- I see -- Well, girls, this is Captain -- eh --
Yeah, I caught your show at Hau Fat.
Look -- you know the girls -- Thta's Terri -- she was playmate of --
What's it matter? Get to the point.
Where are you headed?
Yeah --
You came in on that boat, didn't you?
What is this?
Moonby, 4th battalion, Royal Australian Regiment, Task Force. Ex-Corporal Moonby, deserted.
Moonby what?
Moonby. Got any Winstons?
Who the hell are you?
I know, I know, it's all right. Come in this way. It's mined over there. This way. It's all right.
We've been attacked.
Who are you ?
Headquarters 11 Corps -- 405th A.S.A Battalion -- S-2 -- Com-Sec -- Intelligence -- Nha Trang.
I go up on missions. Listen Captain, buy me all the beer you want, but you better tell that asshole over there you're not going to find out anymore about me.
A year ? Waiter another beer.
A long time.
How long were you up there ?
We do.
I didn't know we had units up there in North Vietnam.
You know, I can remember once, getting back below the DMZ -- and the first Americans we ran into were a track squadron. I just couldn't believe how much water they had. We'd been chewing bamboo shoots for almost a week, and before that, for two weeks, we'd been drinking anything -- rain water, river shit, stuff right out of the paddies. And there were these guys standing by their trucks spilling water all over. I could've killed them.  I swear to God I would have, too, if ...
Thirty -- sometimes fifty.
At least you always have enough water. How many gallons does each one of those damn things carry ?
Sometimes.
Fat. That's real fat.
Yeah.
Tracks ?
I was an FO for the 25th.
Let's talk about you.
That's quite an array of ribbons...
No -- I worked too far north for LRRP.
Were you Longe Range Recon --
Sort of.
Rangers, eh?
None.
What unit were you with ?
Yeah. Way north.
North ?
No.
Delta ?
I'm sure it is, but I had hepatitis.
That's good gin.
My part.  Beer, with ice and water.
Which part is that ?
Part.
Winning the war by yourself.
Sure, thanks.
How about a drink ?
What did you put in all those ammo boxes?
Holy shit.
Then went too far -- he sat there and starts mutilating the centerfold. Poking pins in her an' all that. Sergeant says, don't do her like that. You leave your shitty little hands off that girl. Gook Lieutenant says Fuck you in Vietnamese -- Sergeant says, don't do that again. You'll wish you hadn't. Then he stood up, flicked his iron to rock and roll and gave the little zero a long burst through the Playboy mag. Man, it blew him clean off the dock -- Hell, just the magazine was floatin' there all full of holes.
Yeah -- typical A.R.V.N.
He was working A.R.V.N. patrols and had one a them little cocky gook asshole Lieutenants -- anyhow, the Lieutenant took his new Playboy one day, sat on the end of the dock, and wouldn't give it back.
So what happened ?
Yeah -- you can really get hung up on them like the cat in the Delta.
It's really too much -- I mean I've collected every picture of her since she was Miss December.
You got to kill this sonuvabitch -- Lance and me, we don''t understand none of this -- Jesus, Captain -- I don't wanna die here -- Do it quick.
... he's an amazing officer.
I don't get it -- You said your mission was to kill him. Let's do it, an' get our asses outta here. This  Kurtz is ruining the war; I mean, this don't look good for America !
Yeah, I know.
This is evil -- evil, Captain. We're all gonna die here.
Sure.  Recoil... I feel the recoil of my rifle.
When you kill Cong, don't you feel something.
Not a thing.
He killed that guy without feeling anything.
Kurtz. I'm supposed to kill him, just like he said.
What are we doing here?
I know.
Captain -- they've been probed all this week -- Cong and NVA regulars. There's gonna be a big offense any time.
God knows.
Who's he?
Looks that way.
Charlie?
Yeah, it is.
That's a light down there --
Still got a lot of that stuff from Nha Trang. But we're running low on the other.
And the grass?
Less than half -- sure is a mess down there.
How much is left?
There's some bad holes, man, and the cracks -- water's coming through the cracks. Food's shot to hell.
That we're dumber than we look.
Whatdoya think it thinks.
Probably is.
I know it sounds stupid, but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us.
I don't know.
What do you see?
I don't believe you --
Chef -- since you're such a fan of Miss December's I think you should be detailed with Lance and Clean to take the first drum up there.
No shit.
I've arranged with those people we saw at Hau Fat to give us some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drums of fuel --
They lined us all up in front of a hundred yards of prime rib -- magnificent meat, beautifully marbled.. Then they started throwing it in these big cauldrons, all of it -- boiling. I looked in, an' it was turning gray. I couldn't stand it. I went into radio school.
How?
Cook school -- that did it.
What are you doing out here?
That's right, sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food.
A sauciere --
No, sir -- I'm a real chef, sir -- I'm a sauciere --
Chef -- is that 'cause you like mangoes an' stuff?
Call me what, sir?
Why they call you that?
Yes, sir --
Chef.
I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens.
Arch light.
No -- most of 'em are still standing -- might've been disease.
Flood.
Said I speak French like a Spanish cow.
What'd he say?
Thirty meters up, Lance; I saw the fucking flash.
Elevate Lance, in the tree. No, I saw another.
Mangoes? There as a fucking tiger in the woods -- I could've been eaten alive. I'm never going into that jungle again. I gotta remember never get out of the boat; never get outta the boat.
You forgot the mangoes, didn't you?
I'll go with you in a while -- judt hold tight awhile --
Can I go get those mangos now?
Looks pretty shallow.
Who knows? Right.
Which way? Right or left?
Two hours after the fog lifted, we moved slowly to a spot we thought was roughly a mile and a half below Kurtz's camp. We approached a long sand-bank stretching down the middle of the river.
If they have boats ... or canoes... they'd get lost in the fog. We can't move either -- we'll end up on the shore.
Will they attack?
Listen.
What is it?
Listen.
Yeah -- like keep out --
Signs?
Whoever put'em there didn't do it to kill people -- They put 'em up as signs --
Thta's not Charlie's work --
Why -- Charlie put it there to kill --
While you were sleeping.
When'd you do it?
Rocks, sand -- those two men who deserted.
I am -- I'm Captain B.L. Willard. This is Chief Warrant Officer Phillips -- it's his boat. We were shot up bad downriver and need repairs and food -- we can pay you in gold.
I --
We're Americans.
They're not Cong.
In the middle of the jungle -- a goddamn light.
What the hell is it?
Get in there now or I'll bury you in this river.
This is my crew and my fucking boat, and I'm the responsible party.
Get in there !
This whole area is lousy with V.C. -- We don't stand a chance. Lemme turn around and we'll be in Hau Fat in six minutes.
Well, get in there.
I think this river wants to take us home fast. I'm practically goin' in reverse.
Can't be any worse than this. What do you think?
Who knows what's up there?
What about ducking into one of those tributaries till this river slows down?
We found some bodies -- let's get out a here.
Wow, you must a found the C.O., eh?
No shit -- hot damn --
You'll see soon enough -- get going, sailor --
What're you trying to say, Captain --
All right I got a little surprise for you --
Careful,  Captain, they've been known to charge.
I'll go with him --
Yeah, Chef -- go ahead -- take Lance with you --
The draft of that river might be too shallow on the point.
We could go in tomorrow at dawn -- there's always off-shore wind in the morning.
First Air Cavalry. They're the ones gonna get us into the River.
Yeah -- fishing village -- helicopters over there. Hueys, lots of 'em.
Where ?
Smoke !
Beats me -- the sun was too much for him, or the mud. Who knows ?
Shot himself. What for ?
'Bout six months ago I took a man up to Lo Mung Bridge. He was regular Army too. Shot himself in the head. I brought his body back down.
We're gonna have some help to get in the river. You know these waters, Chief ?
The Delta closes off to us about ten  miles out of Hau Fat. We'll be able to pick up some supplies -- bit I think there are only two points we can draw enough water to get into the Nung River. It's all Charlie's turf from there on out.
Let's go.
All right with me, I used to drive a taxi.
Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise.
I met the P.B.R. crew; they were pretty much all kids, except for Phillips, the Chief -- Gunner's Mate Third Class L. Johnson -- Lance Johnson; Gunner's Mate Third Class J. Hicks -- The Chef -- Radio Operator Second Class T. Miller; they called him Mr. Clean.
I wonder if that was the same copter.
Jesus -- that guy's too damn much.
I saw that Colonel's Huey on the point --
Clear on starboard -- Where's Lance an' the Captain?
Forget that extra drum -- it's too damn hot.
He's in the L.B.J. -- didn't give him no medals or nothing --
They nail him for it bad ?
Yeah -- he really dug his Playboy mag, man -- I mean like he was there when it arrived -- He just knew.
I never heard about that.
One that went up for murder -- he was an Army Sergeant.
What cat  ?
Too far inland.
Anybody see some smoke ?
Terminate with extreme prejudice.
Terminate ?
Exactly -- you'll go up the Nung River in a Navy P.B.R. -- appear at Nu Mung Ba as if by accident, re-establish your acquintance with Colonel Kurtz, find out what's happened -- and why. Then terminate his command.
You want me to clean it up -- simple and quiet.
You can see, of course, the implications, if any of this -- even rumours leaked out.
Touchy.
Ours.
Our Recon flight ?
Maybe it's not Kurtz. I don't believe he's capable of that. I just don't believe it.
What does that mean ?
Anyone got a cigarette.
You didn't like him.
Maybe.
Would he remember you ?
I only met Kurtz once.
Whose orders ?
If you're B.L. Willard, 4th Recon Group, we'd like you to come with us.
What do you want ?
No, it'd be spooky without the war -- give 'em back.
Charlie?
Spooky.
We ain't goin' down the river.
You got a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five miles down the river.
Nobody comes in here.
What're you askin' me for -- put 'em in the first helicopter comes in tomorrow.
It's to everyone I really knew -- the first girl I screwed -- my brother -- best friend -- I wanted to tell 'em how much I enjoyed knowing 'em -- it's been a great twenty years. I gotta let 'em know.
What is it?
Do me a favor buddy, please.
Yeah, it still runs.
Hey, buddy, that boat still runs, eh?
Yeah.
Colonel Kurtz, he's dead.
Yeah.
They must have seen the fire.
How did they know?
He was the tragedy -- the tragedy of this war.
Who is he?
NVA regulars. They're coming again tonight. Tet -- their big -- assault.
Charlie?
What -- happened here.
Maybe.
Well, he's killing now.
He couldn't get through a sentence without all these big words; about why we kill.
But why ?
I don't know. He was a lame, that's all.
About what ?
This is years ago, before he joined Special Forces, I guess. We had an argument.
A lame ?
I thought he was a lame.
He's commanding the detachment at Nu Mung Ba.
Yeah.
I've worked with them on occasions and I saw the movie , sir.
You know much about about Special Forces; Green Berets, Captain ?
I am not presently disposed to discuss that, sir.
I believe on your last job you executed a tax collector in Kontum, is that right ?
No, sir.
This gentleman or myself ?
No, sir.
Okay, Willard, sit down.
Captain B.L. Willard, G-4 Headquarters, reporting as ordered, sir.
We endure, captain -- you can blow up the house and we will live in the cellar -- destroy that and we'll dig a hole in the jungle and sleep on it. Burn the forest and we'll hide in the swamp. all the while, we do but one thing -- clean the blood off our bayonets.  Au revoir, Captain.
I guess this is whAt men of war do -- eh?
Your daughter.
Two of my men deserted last night. It happens from time to time. I assume my daughter told you of our conditions.
What about an American named Kurtz?
When I was a boy, my father would take me there, to hunt. There are a few savages, but no man can live there, no white man.
Do you know that jungle?
Upriver? Why upriver? There is nothing there, only jungle.
I always thought the French came here to get the rubber.
But we civilized it. A place belongs to those who bring light to it, don't you agree.
The Vietnamese think it's theirs -- I guess the Americans do, too.
We will never 'evacuate', Captain -- this is our home. Indochina is ours; it has been so for a hundred and twenty-one years, there is something to say for that.
You'll get blown outta here some day.
Captain?
Of course. I -- Once we make our repairs, we could send word, we could have you evacuated from here.
Attacks repulsed, as I was saying.  This is only  for this war, Captain. Viet Cong -- 54; North Vietnamese regular forces -- 15; South Vietnamese -- 28 -- regular forces and otherwise.  Americain -- 6. Of course, they were, perhaps, mistakes, Captain.
No, I've seen those in Normandy. This is much better.  My country -- my country could never originate this. Magnificent.
Looks like a two thousand pound to me. Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb.
It is very good -- there is no current -- It is very good. I have never seen one like it in all Indochina. I was in Paris when it arrived -- do you know what might have caused --
Of course, Captain -- an unfortunate necessity.
A habit of men of war, sir -- you understand.
A man of war is never bothered to aid an ally -- you will follow me, Captain.
We don't want to bother you any, we --
We took them from the dead.  Now -- I assume you want to rest, to shower. We'll attend to your repairs after dinner.
American weapons?
Entirely unnecessary, Captain.
As I said, we can pay you in gold.
Fifty calibers, eh, Captain --
Yeah -- yeah, I can understand how you feel.
Yeah, I'm an artist, goddamit !
What?
The wind --
Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that --
What?
You smell that.  You smell that?
Sure -- fine --
They far enough?
I think we ought to wait for the tide to come in.
You think that section on the point is ridable, Lance?
I said it's a good swell -- hell of a good swell 'bout six feet. Let's get a look at it.
What, sir?
Good swell.
That's terrible -- we'll change that -- I'd like to see you work -- I've always liked your cutback; got a hell of a left turn, too.
I haven't surfed since I got here.
Where've you been riding, Lance?
You can cut out the sir, Lance -- I'm Bill kilgore -- I'm a goofy foot.
Thank you, sir.
It's an honor to meet you Lance. I've admired your nose-riding for years -- I like your cutback, too. I think you have the best cutback there is.
That's right, sir.
Lance Johnson? The surfer?
Gunner's Mate, Third Class -- L. Johnson, sir.
What's your name, sailor ?
You want'a surf, soldier?
It's still pretty hairy, sir.
Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change.
Wh -- what?
Change.
Six to eight feet.
How big it is?
It's hairy ,though. That's where we lost McDonnel -- they shot the hell out of us. It's Charlie's point.
Why the hell didn't you tell me about that place -- a good left.  There aren't any good left slides in this whole, shitty country. It's all goddamn beach break.
It's really long left slide, breaks on the short side of the point -- catches a south swell.
What do you mean?
Boss left.
Mike, you know anything about the point at Vin Drip Drop?
Take her in low, Lieutenant.
Affirmative, Big Duke Six -- We're even got some rockets left.
Eagle Thrust Four -- Big Duke Six. Join me in sparaying some trees.
Big Duke Six to Baker Delta Four -- hold -- we're right over you.
This is Baker Delta Four -- Captain hit bad -- need dust-off. Receiving heavy automatic weapons fire from huts about thirty yards to our left.
Haven't got time, Hell's Angels -- lay it right up the tree line.
Hell's Angels Four to Big Duke Six -- we'll need green smoke -- suggest you have the FAC mark it.
Big Duke Six to Hell's Angels Four -- bring it in on along tree line and huts.
The kid can't ride sloppy waves.
It's gonna blow this place out. It's gonna ruin it ...
Yes, I know.
You know, some day this war's gonna end..
It'll get here, soldier.
I'm waiting for the fucking boat, Colonel.
The trees, eh...
Automatic weapons flashes along those trees -- probably eleven millimeter guns and AK-47's.
Sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt?
The enemy. Who else?
Who?
Fucking savages.
Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it.
Music?
We'll come in low out of the rising sun -- We'll put on the music about a mile out.
What about this point here?
You'll find enough Cong up there.
You talk like him. I don't mind taking casualties, Captain, but I like to keep my ratio ten to one in this unit -- ten Cong to one.
I met him.
And I don't intend to get some of them chewed up just to get your tub put in the mouth of the goddman Nung River. You say you don't know Kurtz?
So? I heard you had a good bunch of killers here.
I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again.
Hairy ?
That village you're pointing at is kinda hairy.
He musta changed !  I got to get into the Nung River, here or here.
Don't you agree?
I met him.
Seems to me he got himself fragged. i heard some grunt rolled a grenade in his tent. Maybe a rumor. Helluva man -- remarkable officer. Walter Kurtz woulda been a General some day. General of the Army. Shit, Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Did you knew Kurtz?
Who knows.
'Bout a year ago? Is Kurtz still alive?
When did you hear?
Nu Mung Ba. Last I heard, Walter Kurtz commanded a Green Beret detachment at Nu Mung Ba.
No. They put out two or three for every one I needed. When you get to the one you'll use, you just stake it out. If something feels wrong, you just pass it up. On one mission, I had to pass up three and ended up living on rats and chocolate bars.
Can you trust them?
Mercenaries -- agents, traitors -- they put out caches.
What'd you do for supplies?
No. Walked.
Haiphong? Shit, you jump in ?
Haiphong.
What's the furthest you been in?
I got bored in Saigon.
Why the hell you wanna go up to Nu Mung Ba for?
Just hold up a second, Captain -- I'll get to you soon enough -- We've got things to do here.
My orders are from Com-Sec Intel -- B.L. Willard, 4th Recon --
Yeah -- Na Trang told me to expect you -- we'll see what we can do. Just stay out of my way till this is done, Captain.
Captain B-L. Willard, sir -- 4th Recon Group -- I carry priority papers from Com-Sec Intelligence 11 Corp -- I believe you understand the nature of my mission.
I'm taking you back.
Yes...
You had immense plans... immense plans...
My river... my people... my jungle... my ideas... my country... my wife...  ... my death.
I was on threshold of great things.
I'm gonna get you out of here.
I had immense plans.
I'm taking you back. You can still live.
Going back  - to the jungle to die.
What are you doing?
Go away -- hide yourself.
We'll exterminate the fuckers !
I'll tell you what makes sense ! Air strikes ! White Phosphorus ! Napalm ! We'll bomb the shit out of them if they don't do what we want.
Fuck no.
You could never figure it because it doesn't make sense.
Stinks. I could never figure --  I could never figure how they can teach boys how to bomb villages with napalm -- and not let them write the word 'fuck' on their airplanes.
Oh Captain, that is so true.
I think think a lie stinks.
Because of all the things we do, the thing we do best -- is lie.
How did we get here?
You know what you're doing? You are interfering with my plans !
No water.
Gimme water.
The truth that you were sent here to murder me, ans so far you haven't done it. And do you know why?  Yes, you know why.  Your mission makes about as much sense as those idiots who sent you on it. Asshole ! Schmuck ! How long does it take you to figure out that nobody knows what they're doing here.  Except me.
What Truth?
Pain is easy to handle -- but nobility.. the nobility of a man is judged by how much Truth he can handle.
I can handle it.
How's yours?
How's the pain?
Still playing by the rules.  You're a damn good kiler.
You can't have water after morphine.
No -- I don't want to sleep. I want to think. Water. Give me water.
No. My thinking is clear.  But my soul has gone mad.
You've gone crazy.
I love it.
Yeah, I like it...
Do you?
That's right, the little gook- pricks. But they are noble little gook-pricks, noble. Because they fight with their guts, like animals. And for an idea ! That's rich. We fight with ingenious machines and fire, like Gods, and for nothing. But I'll call in a major blotto airstrike tonight. We'll have ourselves a helluva airstrike tonight, a lightshow. How do you like The Doors': 'C'mon Baby Light My Fire...'
You're gonna get hit tonight, bad -- a whole regiment of NVA regulars.
I said get the fuck out !  I'm going to kill the little weirdo myself tomorrow.  He's only stayed alive this long because he's a good orderly and medic. He knows how to use a hypodermic.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can see that. He's fuckin nuts --
Yes.
Do you know me?
You know you're right.
What other reason could you have come? A Captain. Ranger. Paratrooper. Graduate of the Recondo School. Am I right about these things?
What do you mean, Colonel?
You came up my river -- in that small boat. So simple. I always thought the final justice would come from the sky, like we did.  You are the final justice, aren't you?
No -- no, sir.
You were not coming here, to see me?
We were attacked -- down river. We need supplies and medical help.
Why did you come to ... my province.
Captain B.L. Willard reporting his presence, sir.
I'm Kurtz.
Colonel Kurtz, I guess.
Yes I was... He said his last words to me.
Were you with him, when...
His death was -- yes, he died as he lived.
Men looked up to him...  He died as he lived...
Both of us...
I'll never get over it -- But I'll always remember him...
Yes, I know...
You were his friend... You must have been, if he had given you this...  If he sent you to his home. He was the best this country had -- he was --
You knew him best.
Love him... Yes, it is true. That's the hard part for me... I knew him better than anyone ... I knew him best.
He was a remarkable man. It was impossible not to --
And you admired him?
You get to know each other pretty well out there.
Did you know him very well?
Bring your rifles, that's all.  Take us to him.
What?
No -- leave it --
The other one --
I wasn't looking.. I was running.
You think?
No shit... I think I shot the hell out of him.
What's this tiger shit?
It's a feeling you get in the jungle. When you get good, you can find a track and tell not only how many they are, but their morale, how far they're going, whether they're near their camp, the weapons they're carrying.
And you could just tell when the supplies were booby trapped?
Sure.
Captain -- that was all true about the rats and chocolate and stuff?
He's a man who knows what he wants -- he does know what he wants.
A Yater spoon is hard to get -- especially here.
I don't think he'd of shot us on the beach but -- he'd of shot us if he saw me taking the board --
Any time -- us -- Americans.
When?
You think he'd of shot us?
No -- I don't think so. But it'll be back. They were circling. It'll be back.
You hear it again?
He didn't look like he'd take that sitting down.
Maybe we better stay in under the trees till dark -- we got his Yater.
Yeah, Jesus Christ !
This one , Lance?
The Yater -- the clear one with the thin stringer.
Which one's the Colonel's?
No -- no, Captain.
Then let's get the hell out of here.
Nah.
Want to say goodbye to the Colonel?
Yeah... thanks.
Are you finished surfing?
He can't kill us.  We're on his side.
He'll kill us.
Just something I read in the Free Press.
What's that?
Maybe he'll get inside the tube -- where -- where they can't see him.
What?
Maybe he'll get tubed.
It's of strategic importance for keeping the highway into Bat Shan open -- the generals don't like to admit that Bat Shan is surrounded.
What is this bridge?
I'd just clear out as soon as I could if I were you, sir. They're gonna start working on the bridge with torches again. Charlie will start throwing it in hard --
We'll be needing some supplies and fuel -- do you know anybody who can give me a hand?
Now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out.
Why?
You don't know how happy that makes me, sir.
Captain Willard -- we got these from Nha Thrang two days ago -- they expected you here then --
That's me.
Captain Willard?
I'm not ever goin' to tell you to shut up again.
His name is...
Who are you?
And shut up.
Right on -- he's been waiting for --
We're going ashore. Tie her up -- and leave your guns up, Lance.
Those heads, yes. Well, the rebels...
Is that where he is? By the shrunken heads.
No, Colonel Kurtz couldn't be crazy -- if you heard him talk, just last week, you'd never think he was crazy.
Sounds like he's gone crazy.
I've asked myself that question. I said to myself, why didn't he shoot me? He didn't shoot me, because I had a stash like you wouldn't believe. I hid it in the jungle; the wealth of the Orient: Marijuana -- Hashish -- Opium -- cocaine -- uncut Heroin; the Gold of the Golden Triangle. and Acid -- I make Koolaid that makes purple Owsley come on like piss. Now I'm Kurtz' own Disciple -- I listen he talks. About everything ! Everything. I forgot there's such a thing as sleep. Everything. Of love, too.
Why didn't he shoot you?
But lemme tell you, he is the most dangerous thing in every way that I've come on so far. He wanted to shoot me. The first thing he said is, 'I'm going to shoot you because you are a deserter.' I said I didn't desert from your army, I deserted from my army. He said, 'I'm going to shoot you just the same.'
Kurtz. I tell you, that man has enlarged my mind.
So Kurtz is alive.
Pre-Australian, actually. But I'd dig goin' to California. I'm California dreamin'.
You're Australian?
Simple. They don't want him to go.
Why did they attack us?
Oh, you don't talk to Colonel Kurtz.  You listen to him. God, these are good. I kept these people off you, you know. It wasn't easy.
Where's Kurtz? I want to talk to him.
This boat's a mess.
Then Philippe will have to kill all of you.
What if I say no.
You may think what you wish, Captain, but I like you very much.
So that's it.
Whe you reach the boat you will find that half your fifty calibre stores -- a case of grenades, a mortar and two M-16's and a case of clips are being transfered to us by your order.
I'm afraid I won't have time -- I gotta --
The river is beautiful.
Are you warm, Captain?
But Captain, I mean -- cannibals.
I know.
Did you know -- deeper in the jungle, upriver -- there are savages?
Yes.
Gaston would never tell me. It was asubject not to be spoken of, Captain.
What things?
That strange things.. terrible things have occured around this American, Kurtz.
What did you hear?
Yes.
Kurtz.  I know you've heard of him.
What's a big question?
I just follow my footsteps, one at a time, trying to answer the little questions and staying away from the big ones.
What will you do after the war?
No. Not really.
Do you miss your home, Captain? Have you someone there?
The war will still be here tomorrow.
I should be checking on the boat.
Cognac?
I'm sorry to hear that.
You must realize, Captain -- we have lost much here -- I, my husband. Gaston -- his wife and son.
We were going upriver when we got caught in a storm, ma'am.
May I ask where the Captain is going in his little boat?
No sir, I think -- this'll be a little bit different --
This -- Bob Hope or the like --
Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff --
What show ?
I do.
Well who the hell verifies that ?
Right now -- I am.
Well, you know I don't have the priority to do that, sir. It says here not to contact Com-Sec- Int. Who's your commanding officer ?
They're in order -- it's perfectly clean -- just check with ComSec- Intel like I said.
I don't know anything about these papers, sir.
C'mon --
Straight up the road -- a concrete bunker -- Beverly Hills -- where else you think he'd be?
What?
Beverly Hills --
Where's your chief supply officer?
Son of a bitch, sir.
You came right to it, son of a bitch --
I don't know -- don't have any idea -- I'm just the night man --
Well , who's in command here?
Stepped on a booby trap, sir -- got blown all to hell --
Soldier -- where''s your C.O.?
Anyone got a card?
That's 27, sir.
