So they can patch me up and put me in a cage?  Forget it. Meyerling's right -- I'm a dinosaur.  Greedy bastards like him, it's their turn with this land.  Put me in the woods, let me live or die on my own.
215  CONTINUED:
175  CONTINUED:
Relax.  I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose.
150  CONTINUED:
Remember that demon in the gut? Sometimes it's nothing more than wondering if the so-called civilized life has bred the balls and brains out of you.  That's what you want out of this, isn't it?
139  CONTINUED:
What makes you so sure my boys won't be waiting for us?
134  CONTINUED:  
First you save my ass, now you want to kill me.  Make up your goddamn mind.
Used to see the natives eating roots when I was a kid in Nome.
134  CONTINUED:
Inside of three hours you'd be dragging my dead carcass.
117  CONTINUED:  
107  CONTINUED:
You talk about ecology -- there it is.
Wait 'til I'm across!
102  CONTINUED:
89   CONTINUED:
See the blood?  Pack of wolves took down a moose.  Greedy, gut-ripping sons of bitches.  I'd kill the last wolf on earth, right in front of the President of the U.S.  Stinking, cowardly predator, the wolf.
Mind if I get some stuff from my kit?
34   CONTINUED:
Now, why don't you get around to saying what you want.
30   CONTINUED:
23   CONTINUED:  
Hard to work up an interest in politics, way we live.  You're the first people we've seen in two weeks.
Needs patching.
23   CONTINUED:
You can pack out of here -- two, three days' hike along this river at most.  Weather should hold this early in the season.
20   CONTINUED:  
Keep back.
212  CONTINUED:
Your infrared camera?
184  CONTINUED:
168  CONTINUED:
You'll catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft.  Sit on the cot.  Keep this pointed at him if I get preoccupied.
I'd sure like that favor you offered a while back.
165  CONTINUED:  
There isn't one, unless Corbett's men get here before the plane does.
165  CONTINUED:  
157  CONTINUED:
...I won't let a killer walk!
How?  Nobody this far north monitors that frequency until avalanche season.  Besides, I'm surprised a tough guy like you uses fancy electronics.
119  CONTINUED:  
I just want this over with.
113  CONTINUED:
It'll be interesting, trying to build a fire without any wood.
95   CONTINUED:
94   CONTINUED:  
Let's go.
I'll get you there all right.
48   CONTINUED:
43   CONTINUED:
Avalanche season is coming.
Back against the bars.  Now.
39   CONTINUED:
28   CONTINUED:
A certain sonofabitch bastard -more-
Question is why they sat here when the storm moved in.  Check their stuff while I sniff around.
27   CONTINUED:
26   CONTINUED:  
Watch it with Meyerling.  Man's as mean and corrupt as they get. Cut his mother's throat if it'd get him a couple votes.
I was making my rounds, saw your hangar wide open, plane getting rained on, so I closed it up.
26   CONTINUED:
Wasn't my intention to hurt Wilder.  I'm telling you the truth.  I liked the man.  I only meant to get loose... to survive. Your cheechako boyfriend better understand that.  Listen, I've got some money put away --
I don't want to talk any more.
You should know something.
That's why I left, moved to Washington.  When I met Eric I was doing day shoots -- products and fashion, mostly.  Pretty dull.  Eric was teaching college, and then he got the job with Northland Oil.  We wanted to stay together, so we talked them into funding some wilderness photography... and here I am.
What about you -- why come back? Classy girl like you seems more suited to the finer things.
I was gone, in September, laying traplines.  She went to our cache for some meat.  Got mauled by a bear.  Tore open her skull. -more-
How did she..?
Had some good years.  Met her in '66.  She showed up one day in Coldfoot.  No one knew her.  One Sunday morning, she marched into a bar and announced she was available as a wife to the highest bidder.  Didn't work out in three months, she'd return the money and leave, no hard feelings.  My bid was eight thousand dollars.  Beautiful girl.
Oh.
She's dead.
Had?
Knew you had no native blood, even with your dark hair.  Blue eyes give you away.  My wife had blue eyes.
My dad was a Navy doctor.
Can't be.  Too keen a sense of this place in your pictures.
Six months.
How long have you been up north?
It's out by the pumping station, shot full of holes.
Why?
Really.  I thought maybe that was his snowmobile outside.  By the way -- your truck also 'on the fritz?'
Sam?  We haven't seen him.
What about that hotheaded marshal, Sam Wilder?  I heard he was in the middle of this mess.
Somewhere along the pipeline.
Where'd you say Eric is?
The radio's on the fritz.
What happened here?
-- Corbett's a killer.
-- Get this straight: I'm the District Supervisor.  Whatever you do reflects on me.  It wasn't my idea to bring you people up here, but I'm stuck with you. You are absolutely not to involve yourself in any local disputes. Whichever side you take, you alienate the other.  Mr. Corbett is quite well-known in this region.  People admire him --
I was hoping you had some news --
I have not, but I very much want to.  What do you know about the trouble in Devil's Cauldron?
Have you talked to Eric?
My home is here.  With you.
When you ran off, I thought you'd keep going 'til you were back home in Washington.
I've got an idea.  We'll have to work fast.
Technology in the wilderness. Only problem is talking to you on your way to the landing strip.
Nothing broken.  C'mon, we have to hurry.
You're hurt.
I'm staying.
Please, Anne Marie, you being here only complicates things.
So what's the problem?
Here.  A transport plane is due at eleven.  Once I put him on it, it's all over.
Where's Corbett?
I'll tell you everything later.
What's going on?
You can't stay here.  Go back to the Turtle.  I'll meet you back there in a few hours.
Oh, Christ, sweetheart.  Four days!  I thought you were dead, or worse.
That's my line.
Be careful, okay?
Fairbanks is a three-hour flight. I'll be back by dinnertime.
Maybe you should drive him into Devil's Cauldron, let them decide what to do with him.
Wait a second.
Let's go.
Come here...
High-tech in the wilderness. Gets me excited, too.
Not me.  I'm equipped.
Prolonged darkness makes people crazy.
Winter.  Two straight months of night -- we may never get out of bed.  Which would suit me fine.
I thought I should check our emergency transmitters.
I still can't believe I'm being financed by an oil company. Especially when they get a look at these pictures.  Technology in the wilderness; not too pretty.  What's that?
Do I want to be with you permanently?  Yes, I think I do. But be with what you do and the way you live?  That I don't know. C'mon, Eric, until I met you, coming back to Alaska was totally
-- Permanently?
Look, why get into this again. As long as it's working, let's leave it alone.  It's been nice so far.  We're together --
It's exactly what you meant.
That's not what I meant.
You make it sound like a prison sentence.
I'll wear it for you.  And I can wear it when we go home.  We won't be here forever.
You were looking at it in the catalog.  Don't know where you can wear it...
Oh, sweetheart.  It's beautiful!
Can't help myself.  Corbett's type always pisses me off.  Oh, I found this at the post office.  Had your name on it.
Going after killers isn't the same as chasing poachers, Eric.
He was sitting in a hot tub with a hooker.
Was there any trouble?
Sure did.  He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road.
Did you catch Corbett?
No way can he get away with this. I'll be back by tonight.
Eric, leave it alone.  It's not your business.
I'll go into town with you.
The little creep hates it that Eric actually does what the company hired him to do.
Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us.
I call it 'the Turtle,' as in carrying your home on your back.
I bet you haven't had lunch.
Thanks.
Bastards took off, though, didn't they?
Great idea -- pointing a lousy dart gun at some nut with a high-powered hunting rifle.
Be careful -- there're two of them.
Stay here.
He still might be around.  I saw fresh tire tracks coming in.
What are you doing?
Be right back.  I left my camcorder in the car.
He's coming around fine.
Leave my traps.  We'll tag up, couple days.
Okay by me.  You're the one likes these hot springs so much.
Go ahead.  Take the jeep.  I'll come to Cache with Bob when he gets here.
I know.  Least you didn't shoot all of them.
Had no choice...  ...Given the situation.
Relax.  I just want to ask them how the hunting is.
Let's keep going.  We're only an hour from Devil's Cauldron.
Leave it here.
You're wrong.  Everything we do leaves its mark.  You said it yourself -- there are hundred- year-old footprints in the tundra.
Look down there, tell me what any of this matters.  Struggles of men get swallowed by the bigness. Soon there won't be a trace of our troubles... or us.
We'll get you to a hospital, soon as we get to Fairbanks.
Like I said, I'd still be up on that mountain, frozen solid, it wasn't for you.
How come you didn't let him shoot me?
Let's get out of here.
Wound's a through-and-through. Missed my liver, I think.
Can you walk?
The time has passed for men like them and me.  I know it.  But they're still fighting for survival, like cornered animals. That's why they'll kill you. -more-
Why offer a buyoff with your gunmen waiting outside?
Snow's to their advantage, kid. You can't see them, but soon as that plane comes, they'll sure as hell know where we're going. Wise up.  Take me to the Yukon. I'll give you that money and guarantee you'll walk away.
You kill me, you sign your death warrant.  And hers.
Answer and I'll shoot!

Shut up!
Maybe you can talk sense into your boyfriend.
No way they'll find you on a five-minute signal.  And no way -more-
Lets us watch each other's backs over a wide area.  Only thing messed me up this time was getting arrested in the baths. ELT was in my duffel bag, not around my neck where it should've been.
Emergency transmitter?  What happened to signal mirrors or two-tone smoke fires?
You're damn lucky, glimpsing this country before it's ruined, gone for good.  You saw wonders you'd only dreamed of.  That alone makes you different than the sorry bastards back where you came from, because you have dreamt them.
I liked you better frozen.  You didn't talk so much.
You were real resourceful out there.  Got me thinking of this perimeter man, froze all his fingers one winter.  So he hacked the tips off and sharpened the exposed bones.  Gets along better than ever.  Yeah, maybe I underestimated you.
I'm sure she's fine.  Seemed like a clever kid.
You broke the radio, remember?
Talk to that good-looking girl of yours?
Hell, I still get a knot in my gut every season, wondering how much longer I can go on.  No 'Home for Retired Trappers' that -more-
Maybe...maybe not.  I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk.  That's why I want to work on the front lines, where what I do means something.  Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit.  Oil company propaganda.  I was ready to leave, then I thought screw it, I'll outsmart them, do the work anyway.  I don't know anymore.  Maybe I am fooling myself.  That's what I'm afraid of most of all.
You don't know how true that is.
I already have.
Don't bet on it.
They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow.
Cowardly bastard.  I'm in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you.
Don't push me..!
I'm real sad you don't approve of me.
What do you know about people? You live like an animal!  A savage goddamn throwback like you belongs out here, as far away from the rest of us as possible.
All you do is keep folks from working the land, living like they're meant to.  You don't understand shit!  Trappers, hunters -- we're part of the environment.  Who's protecting us?  I've seen plenty like you.  So -more-
Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here.
Don't judge me.  You're a joke, coming here from a fucked-up culture, telling us what to do!
You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them.
Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things.
Told that's what our old man was. Planned on going to sea, me and Bob, 'til I read Jack London. Started trapping when I was ten. Mailed the furs to Sears.  Eight bucks for a skunk, three for a muskrat.  That was fine money.
Nome?  I figure you'd be a whaler, coming from there.
Hate to disappoint you.
An appetite.  Maybe you won't die after all.
I'm hungry.  Go kill me some dinner.
Too bad.  We'd be out of here in a few hours.
It was blown up with the plane.
You got one?
Emergency transmitter?  All your gear is back at Wilder's.
Where's my ELT?
Stay still.
It's a spring day...
You don't feel cold?
What?!  Fuck off.  Save yourself.
How many do you see?
Told you I'm fine!
If that means freeze my balls off, no thanks.  I'll be okay.
Stay awake!  You want to go hypothermic?
You're not going to slow us down! Keep moving!
Have to get these wet things off.
You don't get it, do you?
There's a snowmobile. Inside a day we could be on the Yukon.  I got money there.  Remember that five thousand?  Make it ten.  Be smart.  Take it and walk away.
Too bad we're heading west.
There's a cabin, maybe twenty miles south of here.
Yep.  Sometimes they do, but usually they end up crazy or dead.
Yeah?
Folks come to Alaska for a real short list of reasons:  Money. Adventure.  Solitude.  Those cover most everyone.  But frontiers also draw another type of man.  One with a demon in his gut.  He comes to the edge of the world to face that demon, and lay it to rest.
You want to fool yourself about that bullshit job, fine.  Damn shame you have to drag your girlfriend along.  You think a woman like that will be happy making moose stew for a man -more-
I'm here to do my job.
Sure love to know where you fit in up here.
Sure.  The People's Friend.  Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it.
You know Meyerling?
Where in hell Meyerling dig you up?
I'm still figuring: You're either real brave or real dumb.
It could blow over tomorrow, too.
Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains.  It continues, we better stay put.
Going to be a bit of a challenge with handcuffs on.
Forget it.  It would take days.
Have to backtrack, find another way down.
Pushing it is flat wrong.  All you prove is your ignorance about breaking trail.
We've got another two hours of daylight.
Let's camp.  There's grayling under this ice. I'll snare some for dinner.
It wasn't my idea to crash the plane.
Most dangerous thing in the world: A regular Joe, in over his head.  You trying to prove how tough you are for me, or for yourself?
I'm right behind you.
Be my guest.
I've been on ice like this when I was a kid, skating.  Spread your weight, keep moving.  Go on.
We get wet, we freeze to death in a couple hours.
We're not sitting here 'til November.  There's a cargo plane coming to Devil's Cauldron in four days, and I'm putting you on it.
Ice is too thin -- you can see the water moving underneath.
-- Turn around.
Still quite a hike to Devil's Cauldron.  Days.  A long stretch to go without sleep, my friend.  You can hide behind that pistol for now, but take your eyes off me long enough to sneeze --
Snow shelter.  Okay.  You dig. I'll have a little sit-down.
We'll stop here, dig out a snow shelter.
I don't plan on dying.
Why in hell you care enough about me to die taking me in?
Look, take these cuffs off.  We need to work together.
That's right.  You're not.
I'm not gonna carry you out of here.
You sound like the tourists. Know-it-alls who read about survival in a magazine.  Fuck you.  You won't make it off this mountain.
With light clothing and no supplies, this is nobody's territory.
I took the odds on getting down in one piece, and I made it.  Now we're in my territory.
Next time you want to kill yourself, don't include me.
You got the belly to look me in the eye and pull the trigger?
Stay put!
Hunting and trapping was a damn fine life.  Me and Mitchell, Bob and LeMalle, we were teams.  I'd always go with Mitchell.  Good man, Mitchell.  I'd let Bob worry about goddamn LeMalle.  We'd hire a plane in October.  On the way to a dirt airstrip somewhere, we'd drop supplies.  We'd land, tell the pilot to come back for us a few days before Christmas.
Sounds like professional jealousy.
That makes the flight more interesting.
I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks.
Been driving long?
Smart?  Sure.  That's why I'm sitting in this plane and they're down there blowing me kisses.
How the hell were they smart enough to find us?
-- Killing is what you know.  Pack some food while I prep for the flight.  I'm sure not gonna let him go.
Surviving is what I know --
Send him down to her.  There's money in my duffel bag, back at his cabin.
A daughter in Oregon.
Does he have people?
-- To take you to jail?  It'll be my pleasure.
A lot to ask, dragging him away from such a good-looking girl --
Yeah.  Maybe so.
Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window.  See you again, maybe.
Ecology.  Folks use that term for everything but what it means: who's eating who.
Six months.  Ecological study for Northland Oil.
New to the country, kid?
Desmond.
No big deal.  We just got off on the wrong foot.  What's your name?
Kenai at the general store asked me to bring these.  Didn't expect we'd already met.
Yep.  Afraid you have me at a disadvantage.
Ben Corbett?
I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail.
Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid.
You got two counts against you -- trapping out of season and poaching on restricted land.
Nothing personal.
I'm not too old to knock the snot out of you!
I don't want to hurt you, Sam.
Goddammit, I don't need this aggravation.  I'll shoot you, Ben.  Bank on it.
Good idea.  Flying over mountains can give you some nasty surprises.  Go too low, one of the clouds might have a big rock inside it.
You better get some sleep.
Don't try me.  I'll kill you if it comes to it.
I'll get loose before that plane comes.
If that was all, fine.  But carving him up, stranding the others, that's too fucking much. Is everything that walks, crawls, flies or swims fair game to you?
Sam, listen -- I shot to defend my man.  Other guy drew first.
Sam, give Dixie here fifty bucks out of my kit, will you?
I got it from here.  Thanks.
Christ if I shouldn't know better than to step in soft earth.  I've seen footprints in the tundra a hundred years old.
You left a footprint at the Sportsmen's camp.  Only pretty sight there, Ben, 'cause the two men you didn't shoot and mutilate died of exposure.
All this for laying traps on private land?
But I would.
You wouldn't shoot anyone...
No, I better stay at my post.
Can we buy the Marshal some dinner?
I'm living proof of that sad fact.
Relax.  One more day without drink won't kill you.  Right, Sam?
Just passing through.
Ben...boys.  Yeah, real slow, and I'd like to keep it that way.
Hullo, Sam.  Slow day?
If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand.
-- Forget it.  And try not to bleed on my throw rugs.  Why do this?
-- Here's a hundred dollars.  And if you or anyone else will back me up on this --
Pretty clever:  If the trappers got that signal beacon and get here in time, Sam's is the first place they'll look.  They may figure you're waiting for an airplane, so you can't stay in the shack by the airstrip.  Last place they'd expect you is on the far side of town.  I can't afford any trouble --
Will you rent me a cabin, or not?
What's the problem with Sam Wilder's place?
I need to rent a cabin.
You're an outsider, Mr. Desmond. Step aside; stay out of it.
Neff, you know better than this...
-- Sam Wilder was my cousin. He's why I came to Alaska.  All his letters, saying what a paradise it is.  But me ending up dead won't do Sam a lick of good.
You don't care enough about Sam to --
I'm real sorry.  In a while, you're gone from this country. But we live here.  No one wants to mix it up with those hombres.
There'll be three, four men at the most.  I have some backup, nothing will happen.
Bastards killed Sam, you think they won't kill the rest of us?
What are you talking about?
Look, Mr. Desmond, I didn't count on it turning this ugly.
I'm the one should be sorry... Goddamn Kenai, always out for a score.  I never should've let him go over there.
Yeah.  Sorry I barked at you last night.
I was just on my way to your ladyfriend's, but I guess she found you.
Just stay out of my face until I'm gone!
What's wrong?
Corbett ruined my two-way.  Go to my place on the Haul Road, tell Anne Marie I'm okay and to sit tight.
Jiminy Christmas.  What do you want from me?
-- I'm putting him on the plane to Fairbanks, eleven tomorrow.
If Corbett's men find out --
Back at my place... he, uh, broke his leg.
-- Here?!  Where's Wilder?
Look, Neff, I've got Ben Corbett with me --
Not a damn thing.  What's going on?  Mr. Meyerling was here, all steamed up, looking for you.
Have you heard anything from the girl staying with me, Anne Marie?
You don't mind me saying, Mr. Desmond, you look like hell.
Snowplow, generator, TV dish... hell, we get the goddamn Playboy Channel!  Here, this is for you.
Sure.
Mr. Desmond!  Arthur Neff.  Area rep for the Federal Assistance Plan.  Tell the boys in DC to keep those goodies coming.
This isn't your concern.  It's over, here and now.
Fuck you.
Nobody wants any more killings; we all agree to that, correct?  That's good.  Now, Eric, you're gonna hand your prisoner over to us.
Some day these people'll wake up, and you'll be the first one they'll run out of here.
This miserable wilderness is a state of the union.  Policy's made here the same way as in the civilized world: at the ballot box.  That's the beauty of it -- these icebox cowboys are living a century too late.  Get them on your side, it's like buying Manhattan for beads.  With a handful of votes you control the greatest frontier since white men stumbled onto the New World.
I should release Corbett because you want some votes?
You can't see past your lousy little assignment, sniffing around the pipeline.  The few voters there are in this district look up to Corbett, and I'm not about to alienate them.
What does this matter to you?
Alleged killer.
I could've sat tight for the transport, 'til Bob came poking around.
That's what we should've done in the first place.
...You give us a ride in the Cessna you got hangared at the pumping station, we'll be in Fairbanks in a few hours.
Any idea who could've done it?
I'm too old for this shit.
We'll go with you.
Damn.  Likely that's an SOS. Have to pass on that lunch.
Hey, Sam, look over there.  Black and white smoke.
Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD.
What'd you say they call these spaceships?
-- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already.
Bet you're right.  But I didn't come by to wangle a meal --
Aw, Jesus.  Told you this was trouble.  What about you, big shot?  Do something.  Who's side are you on, anyway?
Dead.  Trappers killed him.
Dixie's waiting at the infirmary. She'll put a splint on that injured leg.
He saw you and Corbett come in...
Stay out of it.
Corbett coming here stinks of trouble.  We should make the best of it before it turns around and bites us in the ass.
You're out of your greedy goddamn mind.
Bet I could make some money turning Ben Corbett in.  Maybe more for lettin' him loose.  I was up in my cache.  Saw the Northland man come talk to you.
Why the smirk?
I just as soon he stay gone. Fool could've got us all killed, arresting Ben Corbett here in town.
Wilder's missing church services; you believe it?
Doesn't matter.  We know where they're going.  C'mon.
Kenai's PA -- but how the fuck she seein' us?
Ease off.  We do this my way.
You hear me?  Ben?
I'm right fuckin' here with you.
Look, we pull Ben's ass out of the fire, I'll get you a whole damn crate of Snickers bars.
Quit fucking around.  Get in.
Thought that door was open last night...
Not in the right hands it ain't.
What you gonna do with it?  Large bore's for shit on small game.
I ain't gonna leave a seven- hundred-dollar Remington behind.
Cool out.  I ain't about to get blasted.
Go easy.
Maybe they went back to Devil's Cauldron.
It's a three-hour flight.  They shoulda got there yesterday.
Get the fuck out of here.
I called the cops in Fairbanks, see when Ben is standing trial. They don't know shit about Ben or Wilder!
It's a long shot.
There you go.  Wilder's always chummy with the fuckin' Bambi-lovers.
Goddamn!  Viking Bob!  Mitchell's inside, boring bastard...
LeMalle.  We got a problem. Where's Mitchell?
They'll have to come right past us.
There's what they're waiting on!
Where's the kid?
Musta wanted to keep him from the bears.  If Ben killed him, he sure as hell wouldn't hang him up like this.
It's Sam Wilder!
We were just talking about him.
Okay, let's backtrack, try to pick up his trail.  You know the kid out on the pipeline that Wilder's buddies with?
That plane might've been to throw us off the track.  Remember the bait-and-switch Wilder pulled with the Eskimo and his truck?
Naah, Wilder knows we got friends in town.
Hang on...  Remember that Cessna we saw at the pumping station on the Haul Road?  Belongs to the guy they got patrolling the pipeline.
Closest planes for hire are here in Cache.
Meaning he'll need a plane.
Musta never got a chance to -more-
...Ben never sent a signal.
So shoot him.  Won't have to feed him that way --
This man's friends ain't gonna look favorably on his incarceration.
Sit your suspect out in the cold. He'll keep.
Next plane's not coming 'til next Monday.
On a good day I couldn't spare a crosswalk guard.  But now, no way.  Folks're batshit with the weather turning sour.  Bring him in yourself.
This is Sam Wilder, Marshal in Devil's Cauldron.  Had some killings here.  I got a suspect; be real nice if someone came and took him off my hands.
