Where's your old man?
What do you want, Biff?
Listen you little Asshole, I oughta --
The day I show respect to Biff Tannen will be the day I win a million dollars... What's the matter, Biff, they're not showing you any respect down at the golf course? Don't they realize what a tough job it is keeping the criminal element away from the country club?
Show me some respect, you little asshole. It's Special Officer Tannen to you.
What do you want, Biff?
Well, well, he smirked when Marty opened the door. If it isn't the neighborhood bootlegger, Al Capone McFly?
No....
And you never heard of rock 'n roll?
Uh, yes, sir...
This is 1952....?
I beg your pardon?
I don't get it. How come there's no rock 'n roll?
Yes, sir!
This... is the number one single?
I don't know. National Cash Register?
What's N.R.C.?
Third time they've been out there this week.
Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutter? 
Hot tip,  Rubber Biscuit in the third race at Arlington.
Gimme some chili, fries, and a Tab.
Marty. What's for breakfast?
Morning Dick.
You do?
I think I know exactly what you mean.
You mean like how you're supposed to act with someone on a first date?
Well, Eileen...jeez, that's hard for me to say. Have you ever been in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way, but when you get there, you don't know if you can go through with it?
Uh, yeah, well, believe me, I sure feel like I know you!
I'm usually nervous myself on first dates...but not tonight. It's funny, but somehow, I feel like....like I know you.
Oh, no, I'm fine...fine.
Are you all right, Marty? You seem a little...nervous.
Listen,  Professor Brown told me you called last night and gave me your message...
Hi, Marty!
Marty, you haven't been listening. Nobody's asked me to the dance...yet.
He comes out of the cafeteria line, he's nervous, he spills his corn, and he asks you to the dance!
But he does! Don't you see?
But he didn't ask me.
George! He's supposed to ask you to the dance!
Yeah. Maybe so.
Nine o' clock.  Oh, I'm late! Maybe I'll see you later.
What time does school start around here?
School? I never thought of school! If I went to school I could blend in with everybody else, couldn't I?
Then you'll be going to school here....?
Oh, I'm feeling much better now.
Well, I was on my way to school, and I just wanted to stop by and see if you were feeling okay.  You seemed like you were in pretty bad shape the other night.
How could I forget?  Oh, sure, I remember you.
You remember me...?
Uh, hi....
Hi, Marty.
Have we ever met before?
Huh?
Poly-what?
It's polyester.
Uh, thanks...
Here's your jacket!
Seventeen.
How old are you?
I don't think I like the idea of you staying out all night with a girl!
Mom, how else are we gonna see the sunrise?
You mean you're going to stay up all night?
That's good.
Oh yeah.
Learn anything?
Fine.
How was school today?
I was practicing. I've got an audition next week -- I gotta practice. How am I gonna get famous if I don't practice?
I've been calling you for five minutes! Didn't you hear me?
Oh -- I'm all right. Say, listen, about this dance Saturday night --
How are you?
Uh, hi, Eileen.
No!
Is that what you were going to ask me, George? To go to the dance?
George, if you don't want Chinese food, pick a place you want to go and make a reservation.
Eileen, Chinese food again?
By the way, that reminds me...  Saturday night we're taking Grandma Stella out for Chinese food.
Coming, Eileen...
Now, George! Dinner's ready now!
No, George, just concentrate on the anger. Anger.
Maybe if I used my left....
Yes, definitely, god dammit George, swear. Then you hit me in the stomach, I go down for the count, and you and Eileen life happily ever after. Now, hit me in the stomach.
Oh. Uh... 'Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!'  George paused. You really think I should swear?
Your line, George!
George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door and say....?
You mean, you're gonna --
Why is she gonna get angry with you?
Why what?
Why?
Okay. So right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me -
In the parking lot, with her.
And where am I gonna be?
I'm going to be at the dance.
You're not picking a fight, you're coming to her rescue. Maybe we'd better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at 8:55?
But I've never picked a fight in my entire life!
How many times do I have to explain it to you?... We know you're not a fighter. You know it, I know it... but she doesn't know it. That's why we gotta make you look like a fighter, somebody who'll stand up for her, somebody who isn't chicken. And you're not gonna look like a fighter if you can't hit me in the stomach.
Look, Marty, I'm just not a fighter...
You're not gonna hurt me. Just hit me in the stomach.
I don't want to hit you in the stomach!
Bic... It's a Bic pen.
'Bike fine point?'
Lemme see that.
It was Marty's turn to be confused. Huh?
What is that? A pencil that writes in ink?
Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay?
Huh?
Christ, it's a miracle I was even born! 
Oh, no! That was for the cafeteria! This is different!
Say what you were supposed to say in the cafeteria.
What do I say?
Okay, then!
Well... yeah...
George, she's beautiful, right? She's nice, she's decent, she's the kind of girl you'd like to marry, right? And there's nothing in the world you'd like more than to take her to that dance, right?
Not now....
You've gotta ask her to the dance!
Jeez, what do you think? To see it!
The sunrise? What for?
Saturday night's the 'Springtime in Paris' dance. I'm taking Suzy Parker.
No, Chinese food is fine.
Good.
Oh yeah.
Learn anything?
Fine..
The drill!  The power drill I bought you for Christmas. I was using it last night.
What drill?
Dad, you seen the drill?
Run out of gas?
Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like, what if we run out?
You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class.  If you have something to say, say it so the whole class can hear.
Who, me?
Marty. Marty Lewis.
You have a name?
Uh -- yeah. I'm new here, and I'm supposed to be in this class.
Yes, that's my name. Who are you, young man? Are you supposed to be here?
Hey, Mr. Arky, gimme a break!  I'm seventeen years old! I'm not responsible for all these problems!
Unfortunately, the way things are going, you may get your wish. You may see the entire annhiliation of the world. If not, you'll certainly see the destruction of all out natural resources. We can already see the air we breathe, not to mention the pollution in our rivers and lakes. We'll  see all of our oil reserves depleted, in fact, all of our energy sources. Yes, you people have a lot to look forward to -- a lot to see.
Yeah, explode it up your ass!
All I can say is, that's one helluva attitude, Mr. McFly. 'Let's explode a hundred megaton Geothermal nuclear device, just to see it.'
You know damn well that's not what I meant.
Mr. McFly here wants to nuke it all, just so he can see it!
Not a holocaust --
You'd like to see a nuclear holocaust?
Nineteen fifty --
What year?
March 11th.
Operator, what's today's date?
I'm sorry, there's no answer.
Five cents, please.
Oh -- right! Uh, Madison 3489.
Local calls cost five cents. What number do you want?
What?
Sir, it only costs a nickel.
Operator! Listen, this is an emergency! I have to make this call, but I don't have a dime -- all I got is a nickel -- but you gotta connect me --
Operator...
Pro! Release the rope!
What?!
Yeah,  Right.
Okay, Martin. You have a good evening now.
Home, school, here... 
Been any place unusual in the past twelve hours?
No, no, not beyond an acceptable level. Have you been X-rayed recently, Martin?
What, am I radioactive or something?
What's this all about?
Good evening, one said. Agents Reese   and Foley, from the Nuclear Regulatory Commition.  Mind stepping over here?
It's the most beautiful city I've ever seen! What is it?
Pretty, isn't it?
The Orpheum.
What theater was I at?
But I told everyone your disappearance was due to a teleportation experiment you were helping me with. So don't mention anything about time travel to anyone.
Obviously!  
According to your girlfriend, Suzy Parker, you and she were at the movies. You went to the restroom and you never came out. Obviously, you stepped through an inter-dimensional time warp, created by the original operation of the time machine.
But if you didn't rebuild the time machine, how did I go back in time in the first place?
87 states? Time travel bans? What the hell?
You see, I never rebuilt the time machine after it was destroyed in 1952. I decided that experimenting with time and possibly changing history was too risky. Anyway, experiments in time travel were banned in all 87 states after the governor of Cuba caught Dr. Felstien fooling around in the Bermuda Triangle -- that was back in '64.
A car.
What do you call this? 
Hop in, Marty, . We've got a long drive ahead of us.
1982! March 18, just like we planned! My calculations were absolutely correct! Thirty years! God, I cannot believe it's been thirty years! Sure, it was a long time ago -- longest I've ever had to wait for the results of an experiment!
What year is this?
Professor -- there are some doors that shouldn't be opened, Marty said softly, without turning around.
Marty,  I know I've repeatedly asked you not to tell me anything about the future, but....well, those loud bangs on the tape recorder....are they....
Professor Brown grinned. I guess I'll see you in... about 30 years.
Thanks for everything, Pro.
We're at one and a half miles, so you're just a little over a mile from where you want to be,  Wait until minus 3 minutes before you go -- that should give you plenty of time, and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can't do anything to stop you. Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri-- the time chamber. Just be sure the nose of the truck is pointed at the bomb....the power converter will do the rest.
It was sure nice of Uncle Sam to put those yardage markers up for us. 
Curious...  Very curious.
Nope. My father's never clenched a fist in his entire life!
You didn't?
It could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future, theoretically, it could happen at the moment of your birth...or conception. Actually, it could happen at any time. It's a question to which I hope we'll never learn the answer.
Perfect...
There's no way of knowing.
Professor, if something does go wrong tonight... if I don't get my parents back together... when do you think I'd cease to exist?
It'll be fine, Marty.  You'll be fine. Good luck. He stuck his hand out and Marty shook it. But there was still a question that was nagging at him...
That's just what I needed to hear.
Look, Marty, she's not your mother yet. And if you don't go through with this, she may never be. I know it's hard, but there are some things we must do in life that are unpleasant. Some choices must be made that are difficult. Nonetheless, we must make them. Besides, this may be more than a simple question of your own existence, he added. The fate of the entire space-time continuum may rest on your shoulders . Marty tried to smile at him.
That's exactly what I said! I mean, a guy and his mother -- that's illegal, isn't it?
Nobody said anything about hitting her! You're just going to take a few liberties with her.
Look. I'm a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother, he admitted to the Professor. I mean, I don't know if I can do it -- I mean, hitting on my own mother, that's pretty heavy.
Good. Professor Brown tested the tarp, noting in satisfaction that it was secure. I'll pick you up in front of the school at midnight. Don't be late -- we're cutting it close as it is. We've got a long drive ahead of us.
That's all taken care of.
Jesus!
In a manner of speaking, yes. And because of that, she's no longer interested in your father.
Are you trying to tell me that my mother's got the hots for me?
Apparently, what has happened is that the maternal instinct has transcended the gap of time and this has caused an alteration in your mother's emotional behavior.
But why? Why would she do that? She's supposed to marry the guy!
My guess is that she turned him down.
But that's impossible!! George asked her out! He had to! I saw him walk her home! Oh, God!
Your 'mother' wanted me to tell you that she was very impressed by what you did this afternoon, and that if you were interested in going to the dance Saturday, she's available.
Believe me, Professor, running around on a nuclear test site can't be any more dangerous than what I've been doing.
The test is this Monday! 15 megatons... Let's see, we need 4200 rads...  You'd have to be...exactly 800 yards from ground zero... You realize that what we're going to do could be extremely dangerous.
I brought it with me from 1982. It's from my science book.
Where did you get this?
You better make sure your old man asks her out, because if he doesn't, they may never have a first date. And if they don't have a first date, they won't have a second date. If they don't have a second date, they won't fall in love. If they don't fall in love, they won't get married, and if they don't get married, you'll never be born!
Look, it's not a big deal! I can fix it! All I gotta do is get 'em together and make sure my old man asks her out!
You did what?!?
I know.
Curious... Very curious....
Well, it was there.
I don't recall ever seeing it before.
Oh -- that -- I found it in the closet.
Say, where did this guitar come from?
You forget -- time travel is instantaneous. The time machine would melt, but you would have already travelled through time. Of course, it's a moot point regardless. The only place atomic bombs are detonated is at the Army's Nevada Test Site, and those tests are kept absolutely top secret.
You're talking crazy! An atomic blast would melt me and the time machine in a matter of seconds!
I am serious. If we could get you, the time machine, and the power converter in the vicinity of an atomic blast, we could send you back to the future.
Professor, be serious, would you?
An atomic bomb.
Okay, Professor, I get where you're coming from. The way I look, the way I'm dressed...  I'd stick out like a sore thumb.
Let me put it on a level you can understand. You don't belong here. You don't know anything about this world. You don't know the customs, you don't know how to talk, how to act -- you don't even look like you belong here. And if you walked out on the street, you wouldn't get 100 yards without being arrested. Then there would be questions, and where would we come up with the answers?
I don't know, but I don't want to take any chances! Now you stay here and don't do anything. Don't answer the door, don't answer the phone, don't go outside. Understand?
Hey, look, gimme a break! All I did was answer the door! How's that gonna change history?
Then I would have figured out to get back in through the events in the natural course of history! Don't you understand? The fabric of history is very delicate. Anything you do could have serious consequences!
What if you lost your keys?
I told you not to interfere with any of the events of this time! Nobody's supposed to see you here! What if I was a mailman? Or a salesman?
You were ringing the doorbell!
You answered the door!
That's just great!
4200 rads...  That certainly can't be generated under controlled conditions in this day and age.
We don't....
Professor. Well, not exactly, Professor. You see, we don't point it at the sun.
Just a guess. I figured kids would still be drinking Coke in 1982.
How did you know?
Blast it -- no, I suppose you're right.... You do know the proper chemical formula?
Well, Professor, are you sure you want me to tell you? You know, changing the course of history and all....
Of course! The power converter! It works! Of course, it works...  What chemicals do we use?
The power converter...
On second thought, there may be some things you'll have to tell me.
Oh. That expression probably hasn't been invented yet... I can get behind -- I agree with you.
Pardon me?
No! Don't tell me!  I don't want to know the future! My knowledge of future events... your mere presence here... could have devastating effects on the course of history. And altering history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear. My immediate response is to send you back to your own time.
You didn't, Professor. It was an accident! You see, what happened --
You've convinced me that you must be who you say you are. No living human has ever seen this machine.  But why? Why even in my twilight years would I remotely consider sending someone back in time?
Yeah, a shopping mall. You know, a shopping mall?
A mall?
Well, there's a mall here now -- I mean, there will be.
Oh, yeah.
Must have been? Used to live? I do live here.
Jeez -- this is where you used to live, huh? You must have been rich!
Uh, Marty Lewis! I almost didn't recognize him -- haven't seen him in years.
Marty.
He will be. Simple inebriation, is all. The young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol... something that runs in the family. You see, he's a second cousin of mine on my mother's side. Came quite a distance to visit me, he added. His name's Lewis.
Ssshhhhh!
Professor, you time machine works! It works! It sent me back in time! I'm from 1982!
You know me?
Professor? Professor Brown?
Sure, he agreed quickly.
The future, Marty, the future is everything! I built this machine to see the future. So I am going to send Shemp twenty-four hours into the future. You can assist me, if you like.
All I know is you're throwing away an awful lot of money.
Don't you understand? The mere act of sending matter back in time would change the course of events, and changing history is a responsibility that I do not wish to bear.
So what? We'd be rich!
Marty, that would alter history.
Sure! Listen -- we take the racing results from today's paper...
A gold mine?
Professor, can this thing send Shemp back in time?
Of course. Shemp is unaware that anything even happened, other than his stool suddenly falling over. We had to wait two minutes to catch up to him, but for Shemp the trip was instantaneous.
Is Shemp all right?
Exactly two minutes difference...  and it's still ticking!
Why?
The plutonium! That's what I came over here for! Professor, where did you get that stuff?
Precisely! 
A time machine! Because of that Coke?!
Now hold on a minute, Professor! Hold the phone. Are you trying to tell me that this -- all of this here -- that this is -- it's a -- a --
Shemp is right here in this room...two minutes from now, and at exactly 9:02PM, we'll catch up to him.
The future? What are you talking about? Where's Shemp?!
The appropriate question to ask is when the hell is he! You see, Shemp has just become the world's first time traveller. I've sent Shemp into the future -- two minutes into the future to be exact.
Then where the hell is he?
No, Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact!
Get behind the shield! I'm about to release radiation!
But Professor --
...To be traveled through
Catch you later! 
Jeez, for a guy with a ton of clocks, you sure don't pay much attention to time.
Oh, right, right... 
Pro, the sun's out!
AM or PM?
Eight thirty.
Oh -- Marty -- what time did you say it was?
Nope. The way I figure it, doors are made to be opened. See you after school.
Did you ever consider that some doors are locked for a reason?
A 35mm film chain... I'll see what I can do....
That reminds me, if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain, I've got a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin' new movies on the street before they're even in the theater.
The power of a million hydrogen bombs!  ...and we get twenty four measly volts. It's not fair! I've been working on this power converter since 1949, and you'd think in all that time, I could find the right chemicals that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy! But no! Thirty three years of dedication and research, and all I've got to show for it is a bootleg video operation!
Shhhhhhhh!
Professor Brown! It's almost eight thirty -- I'm outta here!
Dick Wilson? Dickie Wilson? Dickie Wilson runs this place? That's a laugh!
What happened to Dick Wilson?
I run this place! 
Now who's being stupid? The guy who runs this place.
Dick? Dick who?
Look, maybe I'd better talk to Dick. Is he around?
Sure,.
Sweet and what?  Maybe you'd better pay for this first.
A Tab.
What? 
Uh, yeah... Gimme a Tab.
What did you do to yours?
What did you do to your hair?
Hi, Marty!
Suzy!
Is  something going to happen Saturday night?
Hell no! The way my mom carries on about sex -- you even mention the word and she goes into cardiac arrest. You shoulda seen her face when I told her we were gonna stay up all night Saturday, he added. Always afraid something is going to happen.
Me neither. I've always wondered whether they slept together before they got married. You think yours did?
No way!
Can you imagine your parents in bed together?
Yeah... Jesus! I wonder how he ever got up enough nerve to marry my mom.
No self confidence, I guess... At least you don't take after him.
...He just lets himself get pushed around all the time! People walk all over him and he never fights back, never stands up for himself.
