I'll bet. Jesus – "The grand productive days." What a goddamn phony.
And my input was mostly... EDITORIAL, really, when he'd been drinking-
Hah!
Barton, honestly, only the last couple-
I want to know!
Barton!
I want to know how many of Bill's books you wrote!
Barton, I think we should concentrate on OUR little project-
What do you mean so to speak?! Audrey, how long have you been his... secretary?
Well, Bill was ALWAYS the author, so to speak-
Before Bill came to Hollywood.
Before what?
You wrote Bill's scripts!  Jesus Christ, you wrote his – what about before that?
Well, the basic ideas were frequently his-
You wrote his scripts for him?
Well... THIS.
Well, usually, they're... simply morality tales. There's a good wrestler, and a bad wrestler whom he confronts at the end. In between, the good wrestler has a love interest or a child he has to protect.  Bill would usually make the good wrestler a backwoods type, or a convict. And sometimes, instead of a waif, he'd have the wrestler protecting an idiot manchild.  The studio always hated that. Oh, some of the scripts were so... spirited!
What are they like? What are they about?
Yes, I'm afraid I have.
No, but the whole goddamn – Audrey? Have you ever had to read any of Bill's wrestling scenarios?
It's alright, Barton. You don't have to write actual scenes?
Well I have to come up with – an outline, I'd guess you call it. The story. The whole goddamn story. Soup to nuts. Three acts. The whole goddamn-
Oh, he's... he drifted off. He'll sleep for a while now. What is it you have to do, exactly?
Yes. Thank you. How's Bill?
Now that's all right, Barton. Everything'll be all right.
Audrey, thank you for coming. Thank you.  I'm sorry to be such a... such a... Thank you.
Hello, Barton.
If I can. He gets jealous; he-
If you could, I'd –
Barton. I'm sorry, it's Barton Fink.
...Who is this?
Audrey, listen, I need help. I know it's late and I shouldn't be calling you like this – believe me I wouldn't have if I could see any other alternative, but I – I'm sorry - listen, how are you – I'm sorry. You doing okay?
Hello.
Pick it up... Pick it up. Pick it-
What. What don't I understand?
Barton. Empathy requires... understanding.
Okay, but that doesn't excuse his –
He'll wander back when he's sober and apologize. He always does.
...Well that doesn't excuse his behavior.
Really?...
No, sometimes he just... well, he thinks about Estelle. His wife still lives in Fayettesville. She's... disturbed.
What?! He's a son of a bitch!
...Oh Barton, I feel so... sorry for him!
That son of a bitch... Don't get me wrong, he's a fine writer.
Let him go.
No, no –
...I know this must look... funny.
I see.
Barton. You see, Barton, I'm not just Bill's secretary – Bill and I are... I love. We-
Please, Barton.
Perhaps the three of us, Mr. Fink.
Perhaps you and I could get together at some point also. –I'm sorry if that sounds abrupt. I just... I don't know anyone here in this town.
I'll tell Bill you dropped by. I'm sure he'll want to reschedule your appointment.
Yes I am. I'm working on a wres – please call me Barton.
I'll be fine... Are you a writer, Mr Fink?
How about you? Will you be alright?
I am sorry, it's so embarassing.
He will be... When he can't write, he drinks.
Is, uh... Is he okay?
Hesh up! Be still now! DROWN 'EM! DROWN 'EM! DROWN –
I'll try to slip out. If he quiets down, passes out... I'm afraid he thinks – well, he said you were a buffoon, Barton. He becomes irrational–
Who is that?! Gaddamn voices come into the house... sons of bitches...
All right Barton, I'll see if I can slip away-
Drown all those rascals...
Barton, I'm afraid it's not a good time-
Stop it, Bill!
Am I? Maybe to a schoolboy's eye. People who know about the human heart, though, mebbe they'd say, Bill over here, he gives his honey love, and she pays him back with pity – the basest coin there is.
Not anything, Bill. Don't test me.
M'honey pretends to be impatient with me, Barton, but she'll put up with anything.
Bill –
So now I'm s'posed to roll over like an ol' bitch dog gettin' ger belly scratched.
That doesn't help anything, Bill.
...This'll sometimes help.
Well, m'olfactory's turnin' womanish on me – lyin' and deceitful...
That's hamburger grease, Bill.
If I close m'eyes I can almost smell the live oak.
Garland, it's me.
...Hello.
Chet! From downstairs!
...Who?
Chet!
...Who is this?
How d'ya like your room!
All right, forget the heads. Where's Mundt, Fink?
Could you come back later?  It's just...  too hot... My head is killing me.
He... I'm trying to think... Nothing, really... He... He said he liked Jack Oakie pictures.
What else?
Well that's what he said.
Nothing, really. Said he was in the insurance business.
So. You talked to Mundt, what about?
...No. I never saw him with anyone else.
I...
Yeah, he's funny that way.
...Once or twice. His name is Charlie Meadows.
Ever talk to him?
A week, eight, nine days –
How long you been up there, Fink?
I – I've got respect for – for working guys, like you –
What DID you mean?
No, I – I didn't mean to sound –
Well as a matter of fact, I write for the pictures.
Oh yeah? What kind of write?
I write.
I need help, Audrey.
Goddamn voices... DROWN 'EM!
I said drown 'em all! Who is that?
I'm sorry, I just feel like –I know I shouldn't ask, I just need some kind of help, I just, I have a deadline tomorrow-
Are you all right?
I'll jus' walk on down to the Pacific, and from there I'll... improvise.
I'm buildin' a levee. Gulp by gulp, brick by brick. Raisin' up a levee to keep that ragin' river of manure from lappin' at m'door.
What's that?
No son, thisahere moonshine's got nothin' to do with shuttin' folks out. No, I'm usin' it to build somethin'.
I don't know exactly. But I do know what you're doing with that drink. You're cutting yourself off from your gift, and from me and Audrey, and from your fellow man, and from everything your art is about.
And what would that be, son?
Look, maybe it's none of my business, but a man with your talent – don't you think your first obligation would be to your gift? Shouldn't you be doing whatever you have to do to work again?
Mmm. Wal, me, I just enjoy maikn' things up. Yessir. Escape... It's when I can't write, can't escape m'self, that I want to tear m'head off and run screamin' down the street with m'balls in a fruitpickers pail. Mm...
...No, I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain. Maybe it's a pain that comes from a realization that one must do something for one's fellow man – to help somehow to ease his suffering.  Maybe it's a personal pain. At any rate, I don't believe good work is possible without it.
Well... actually, no Bill...
...Still, I must say. I haven't felt peace like this since the grand productive days. Don't you find it so, Barton? Ain't writin' peace?
So be it.
It's still a little early for me.
...A little social lubricant, Mistuh Fink?
All of us undomesticated writers eventually make their way out here to the Great Salt Lick. Mebbe that's why I allus have such a powerful thrust.
Sir, I'm flattered that you even recognize my name. My God, I had no idea you were in Hollywood.
Just Bill, please.
W.P. Mayhew? The writer?
I beg your pardon?
Well what do I tell him?
Who said write? Jesus, Jack can't read.  You gotta TELL it to him-tell him SOMEthing for Chrissake.
I can't write anything by tomorrow.
Well he's taken an interest!  That means he'll make your life hell, which I could care less about, but since I drew the short straw to supervise this turkey, he's gonna be all over me too! Fat-assed sonofabitch called me yesterday to ask how it's going – don't worry, I covered for you. Told him you were making progress and we were all very excited. I told him it was great, so now MY ass is on the line.  He wants you to tell him all about it tomorrow.
I didn't say anything-
Are you deaf, he LIKES you! He's taken an interest! What the hell did you say to him?
I don't understand-
You thought! Where'd you get THAT from?  You thought! I don't know what the hell you said to Lipnik, but the sonofabitch LIKES you! You understand that, Fink? He LIKES you! He's taken an interest. NEVER make Lipnik like you. NEVER!
But... I thought no one cared about this picture.
Souse! Souse! He manages to write his name on the back of his paycheck every week!
You don't understand. He's in pain, because he can't write-
A souse!
He's a great writer –
Bill Mayhew! Some help! The guy's a souse!
Well, I've talked to Bill Mayhew-
Understand shit! I though you were gonna consult another writer on this!
I'm afraid I don't really understand that genre. maybe that's the prob-
What do you think this is? HAMLET? GONE WITH THE WIND? RUGGLES OF RED GAP? It's a goddamn B picture! Big men in tights! You know the drill!
Well not much.
Getting STARTED! Christ Jesus! Started?!  You mean you don't have ANYthing?!
Well, to tell you the truth, I'm having some trouble getting started–
On the Beery picture! Where are we? Wuddya got?
Well I...
Like hell it is; there are no mosquitos in Los Angeles. Mosquitos breed in swamps – this is a desert town. Wuddya got for me?
Nothing. It's just a mosquito bite.
Wuddya got for me – what the hell happened to your face?
Who?
...Look, you're confused? You need guidance? Talk to another writer.
Wallace Beery. Wrestling picture. What do you need, a road map?
Okay. I'm just having trouble getting started. It's funny, I'm blocked up. I feel like I need some kind of indication of... what's expected –
Sure he did. And he forgot about it before your ass left his sofa.
But Lipnik said he wanted to look at the script, see something by the end of the week.
Don't worry about it. It's just a B picture. I bring it in on budget, they'll book it without even screening it. Life is too short.
Then who should I talk to?
What!?  Ted Okum doesn't know shit. They've assigned me enough pictures for a goddamn year. What Ted Okum doesn't know you could almost squeeze into the Hollywood Bowl.
I'm a writer. Ted Okum said you're producing this Wallace Beery picture I'm working on.
Think about it, Fink. Writers come and go; we always need Indians.
I'm a writer. Ted O –
We need Indians for a Norman Steele western.
...Huh? No, I'm –
Ever act?
I'm a writer, Mr. Geisler. Ted Okum said I should drop by morning to see you about the –
Well, you just... sound a little–
Sound a little what?
Well, I'm just asking. You sound a little –
Yes... Isn't it?
...Barton, is everything okay?
Have you read the Bible, Garland?
...That's fine.
Very important, Garland. I just thought you should know that. Whatever happens.
Well, I'm... glad to hear that –
Not big in the sense of large – although it's that too. I mean important. This may be the most IMPORTANT work I've done.
What do you mean, Barton?
It's about what I'm writing, Garland. It's really... I think it's really big.
Go ahead, son.
I'm fine, garland, but I have to talk with you.
...What is it Barton? Are you okay?
Okay.
Yeah, I'm fine, Garland – I have to talk to you. I'm calling long distance.
Barton? What time is it? Are you all right?
Take my copy. You're the toast of Broadway and you have the opportunity to redeem that for a little cash – strike that, a lot of cash.
No, what did it say?
...Look, they love you, kid – everybody does. You see Caven's review in the Herald?
Okay Barton, you're the artist, I'm just the ten percenter. You decide what you want and I'll make it happen. I'm only asking that your decision be informed by a little realism – if I can use that word and Hollywood in the same breath.
...I guess I'm sprouting off again. But I am certain of this, Garland: I'm capable of more good work. Maybe better work than I did in Choirs. It just doesn't seem to me that Los Angeles is the place to lead the life of mind.
I'd say you're already enjoying some.
I don't know, Garland; my place is here right now. I feel I'm on the brink of success-
Yes, generally, to see pap. However, point number two: A brief tenure in Hollywood could support you through the writing of any number of plays.
To see pap.
Fair enough. No pressure here, Barton, because I respect you, but let me point out a couple of things. One, here you make a difference to five hundred fifty people a night – if the show sells out.  Eighty five million people go to the pictures every week.
I'm not sure anymore. I guess I try to make a difference.
What do you do far a living?
To do what?
We have to talk a little business. I've just been on the phone to Los Angeles.  Barton, Capitol Pictures wants to put you under contract. They've offered you a thousand dollars a week. I think I can get them to go as high as two.
Don't panic, I'll join you in a minute.  What's you think of Richard and Poppy?
I thought you were going to join us. Jesus, Garland, you left me alone with those people.
Because you DON'T LISTEN!
But Charlie – why me? Why –
I hear it's Mundt. Madman Mundt.
...Don't look at me like that, neighbor.  It's just me – Charlie.
Don't worry about that, compadre. I'll be back.
You'll be back?
Well, keep it for me. Maybe it'll bring you good luck. Yeah, it'll help you finish your script. You'll think about me...
It's more than I've got.
Funny, huh, when everything that's important to a guy, everything he wants to keep from a lifetime – when he can fit it into a little box like that. I guess... I guess it's kind of pathetic.
Sure, Charlie.
Dammit, don't argue with me. You asked me to believe you – well I do. Now don't argue with me.
Yeah, but Charlie –
You gotta get a grip on, brother. You gotta just carry on – just for a few days, till I get back. Try and stay here, keep your door locked. Don't talk to anyone. We just gotta keep our heads and we'll figure it out.
...I just don't know what... to do–
Charlie, I feel like I'm going crazy – like I'm losing my mind. I don't know what to do... I didn't do it, believe me. I'm sure of that, Charlie. I just...
It's okay... It's okay...
Charlie! I've got no one else here! You're the only person I know in Los Angeles...
Everything's okay, believe me. I know it's rough mentally, but everything's taken care of.
Jesus, Charlie, I...
Have to, old timer. Just for a while.
Jesus... You're leaving.
She's dead, Barton! If that was her name.
...Uh-huh... Where's Audrey?
You're in pictures, Barton. Even if you got cleared eventually, this would ruin you.
They GOTTA believe me, Charlie! They gotta have mercy!
Jesus... They can tell that...
I believe you – I KNOW you. But why should the police?
But I didn't do it – don't you believe me?
Stop with the police! Wake up, friend! This does not look good! They hang people for this!
I don't know!  Maybe it was her... boyfriend. I passed out. I don't know.  Won't the police be able to –
What do you think happened?
Yeah.
Hold on. I said hold on, so hold on.
We gotta call the police –
I believe you, brother, but this don't look good.
I don't know! I woke up, she was... God, you gotta believe me!
Hold on. Stop. Take a deep breath. Tell me what happened.
I didn't do this, I did NOT do this–
Hold on –
You gotta believe me –
Hold on –
I've gotta call the police – or you could call for me –
...Jesus, Barton, what the hell is this?  What're we gonna do?
Don't worry about it, Barton. We can sort it-
...Will you stay with me till they get here?
Charlie, I'm in trouble – something horrible's happened – I've gotta call the police...
Get a grip on yourself, brother. Whatever the problem is, we'll sort it out.
Charlie, I'm in trouble. You've gotta help me.
Why don't we go to your room-
No... Can I come in?
Barton. Are you all right?
No... no...
Are you sure –
No!... I'm fine. Thank you.
...Can I come in?
Course not, compadre. You'll see me again.
Don't pick up and leave without saying goodbye.
So they say.
Well, I guess you pick your poison.
This kind of heat. It's pathetic.
What do you mean?
Well it's pathetic, isn't it? I mean to a guy from New York.
Well...
...I guess it seems pathetic to a guy like you.
What a dump...
I guess the heat's sweating off the wallpaper.
...Your room does that too?
Well hell, buddy, don't pull a long face!  This is still home for me – I keep my room, and I'll be back sooner or later...
I'm truly sorry to hear that, Charlie. I'll miss you.
In a few days. Out to your stompin' grounds as a matter of fact – New York City. Things have gotten all balled up at the Head Office.
You're leaving?
Thanks, brother. But the fact is, I gotta pull up stakes temporarily.
And there's hope for you too, Charlie. Tomorrow I bet you sell a half-dozen policies.
Where there's life there's hope.
...Ah, you'll lick this picture business, believe me. You've got a head on your shoulders. What is it they say? Where there's a head, there's a hope?
Seems like I hear everything that goes on in this dump. Pipes or somethin'. I'm just glad I don't have to ply MY trade in the wee-wee hours.
Yeah, but –
Know about it? I can practically see how they're doin' it. Brother, I wish I had a piece of that.
How did you know about that?
Those two love-birds next door drivin' you nuts?
Well, it's been better. I can't seem to get going on this thing. That one idea, the one that lets you get started – I still haven't gotten it. Maybe I only had one idea in me – my play. Maybe once that was done, I was done being a writer.  Christ, I feel like a fraud, sitting here staring at this paper.
...Listen to me belly-achin'. As if my problems amounted to a hill of beans. How goes the life of the mind?
Defense against what? Insurance? Something they need? Something they should be thanking me for offering? A little peace of mind?...
Well it's... it's a defense mechanism.
...Did I say rude? People can be goddamn cruel. Especially some of their housewives. Okay, so I've got a weight problem. That's my cross to bear. I dunno...
A little lift, yeah...
Well, my pleasure. I could use a little lift myself.
Jesus, what a day. Felt like I couldn't've sold ice water in the Sahara. Jesus. Okay, so you don't want insurance, so okay, that's your loss. But God, people can be rude. Feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my...
Seems like nothing but, lately.
Jesus, what a day I've had. Ever had one of those days?
Yeah, as a matter of fact they did. Come on in.
Because that would mean they gave you mine.
Hi, Charlie.
I hope these are your shoes.
Well, that's all that wrestling is. Except usually there's more grunting and squirming before the pin. Well, it's your first time. And you're out of your weight class.
It's okay, it's okay.
Ready... wrestle!
...Yeah, okay.
...All right now, when I say "Ready... wrestle!"  you try and pin me, and I try and pin you. That's the whole game. Got it?
Not a bit of it, compadre! Easiest thing in the world! You just get down on your knees to my left, slap your right hand here...
That's all right, really –
...You're a little out of your weight class, but just for purposes of demonstration –
Okay, but hell, you should know what it is. I can show you in about thirty seconds.
Nope, never watched any. I'm not that interested in the act itself –
Beery! You got no beef there! He's good.  Hell of an actor – though, for my money, you can't beat Jack Oakie. A stitch, Oakie. Funny stuff, funny stuff. But don't get me wrong – Beery, a wrestling picture, that could be a pip. Wrestled some myself back in school. I guess you know the basic moves.
...Probably sounds a little grand coming from someone who's writing a wrestling picture for Wallace Beery.
Yeah...
Not at all. It's damned interesting.
...This must be boring you.
You know, in a way, I envy you Charlie.  Your daily routine – you know what's expected. You know the drill. My job is to plumb the depths, so to speak, dredge something up from inside, something honest. There's no road map for that territory...
...It was taken by one of my policy holders. They're more than just customers to me, Barton.  They really appreciate what I have to offer them. Ya see, her hubby was out of town at the time –
Sure, that's tough, but in a sense, we're all alone in this world aren't we Charlie?  I'm often surrounded by family and friends, but...
...What's the expression – me myself and I.
Mine have passed on. It's just the three of us now...
My folks live in Brooklyn, with my uncle.
Yeah, the ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smoke- screen for demanding it back – with interest. How about family, Bart? How're you fixed in that department?
No... I guess it's something about my work. I get so worked up over it, I don't know; I don't really have a lot of attention left over, so it would be a little unfair...
...Got a sweetheart?
I myself have yet to be lassoed.
Nope.
Thanks, I'd invite you over to my place, but it's a goddamn mess. You married, Bart?
No, I guess you're stuck with the one you've got. Have a seat.
Ah, doctors. What's he gonna tell me?  Can't trade my head in for a new one.
Seen a doctor?
Oh, yeah. An ear infection, chronic thing.  Goes away for a while, but it always comes back. Gotta put cotton in it to staunch the flow of pus. Don't worry, it's not contagious.
Yeah, come in Charlie. Hadn't really gotten started yet – what happened to your ear?
Jesus, I hope I'm not interrupting you again. I heard you walking around in here.  Figured I'd drop by.
Charlie. How are you.
Howdy, neighbor.
See you, Charlie.
...And look, I'm sorry as hell about the interruption. Too much revelry late at night, you forget there are other people in the world.
Well, I can tell you some stories –
Sure, sure Charlie, you can help by just being yourself.
Well, we've got something in common then.
Hell no! Jesus, I'm the kind of guy, I'll let you know if I'm bored. I find it all pretty damned interesting. I'm the kind schmoe who's generally interested in the other guy's point of view.
You're all right, Charlie. I'm glad you stopped by. I'm sorry if – well I know I sometimes run on.
Frequently played, seldom remarked.
Yeah, I guess that's tragedy right there.
Sure you could!  And yet many writers do everything in their power to insulate themselves from the common man – from where they live, from where they trade, from where they fight and love and converse and – and – and... so naturally their work suffers, and regresses into empty formalism and – well, I'm spouting off again, but to put it in your language, the theater becomes as phony as a three dollar bill.
And I could tell you some stories –
Exactly, Charlie! You understand what I'm saying – a lot more than some of these literary types. Because you're a real man!
I can feel my butt getting sore already.
Well, I don't mean to get up on my high horse, but why shouldn't we look at ourselves up there?  Who cares about the Fifth Earl of Bastrop and Lady Higginbottom and – and – and who killed Nigel Grinch-Gibbons?
I can see you feel pretty strongly about it.
And that's the point, that we all have stories. The hopes and dreams of the common man are as noble as those of any king. It's the stuff of life – why shouldn't it be the stuff of theater?  Goddamnit, why should that be a hard pill to swallow? Don't call it new theater, Charlie; call it real theater. Call it our theater.
Hell, I could tell you some stories–
...I don't guess this means much to you.
Yeah, I guess it is. But in a way, that's exactly the point. There's a few people in New York – hopefully our numbers are growing – who feel we have an opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience, create a theater for the masses that's based on a few simple truths – not on some shopworn abstractions about drama that doesn't hold true today, if they ever did...
Well ain't that a kick in the head!
Well, that's a good question. Strange as it may seem, Charlie, I guess I write about people like you. The average working stiff. The common man.
Caught me trying to be fancy! Yeah, that's it, Bart.
What do I write about?
Hell, why not? Everyone wants quality. What kind of venue, that is to say, thematically, uh...
That's okay, Charlie. I'm a playwright. My shows've only played New York. Last one got a hell of a write-up in the Herald. I guess that's why they wanted me here.
Oh, it's an exciting time then. I'm not the best-read mug on the planet, so I guess it's no surprise I didn't recognize your name. Jesus, I feel like a heel.
That's okay; actually I am just starting out in the movies – though I was pretty well established in New York, some renown there,
...Is the egg showing or what?!
Pictures! Jesus!
No, I'm actually writing for the pictures now –
What kind of scribbler are you – newspaperman did you say?
Thanks, I'll keep it in mind.
Hell yes. Because I believe in it. Fire, theft, and casualty are not things that only happen to other people – that's what I tell 'em. Writing doesn't work out, you might want to look into it. Providing for basic human need – a fella could do worse.
Doesn't surprise me at all.
...In spite of what you might think from tonight, I'm pretty good at it.
Hell no! Call me Charlie. Well Barton, you might say I sell peace of mind. Insurance is my game – door-to-door, human contact, still the only way to move merchandise.
And what's your line, Mr. Meadows?
Damned difficult, I'd imagine.
Can be. Not easy, but –
You don't say. That's a tough racket. My hat's off to anyone who can make a go of it. Damned interesting work, I'd imagine.
Well, I'm a writer, actually.
What kind of work do you do, Barton, if you don't mind my asking?
That's okay, I assure you. It's just that I was trying to work –
Yeah, just a nip. I feel like hell, all the carryings-on next door.
Okay... a quick one, sure...
... You got a glass? It's the least I can do.
All right, hell, you trying to work and me carrying on in there. Look, the liquor's good, wuddya say?
That's all right, really, thank you.
Neighbor, I'd feel better about the damned inconvenience if you'd let me buy you a drink.
I tried to show you something beautiful.  Something about all of US –
You didn't let ME down. Or even Lou. We don't live or die by what you scribble, Fink. You let Ben Geisler down. He liked you. Trusted you. And that's why he's gone. Fired.  That guy had a heart as big as the outdoors, and you fucked him. He tried to convince me to fire you too, but that would be too easy. No, you're under contract and you're gonna stay that way.  Anything you write will be the property of Capitol Pictures. And Capitol Pictures will not produce anything you write. Not until you grow up a little. You ain't no writer, Fink – you're a goddamn write-off.
I'm sorry if I let you down.
I had to call Beery this morning, let him know we were pushing the picture back.  After all I'd told him about quality, about that Barton Fink feeling. How disappointed we were. Wally was heartbroken. The man was devastated. He was – well, I didn't actually call him, Lou did. But that's a fair description, isn't it Lou?
Yes sir.
Don't gas me, Fink. If you're opinion mattered, then I guess I'd resign and let YOU run the the studio. It doesn't and you won't, and the lunatics are not going to run THIS particular asylum. So let's put a stop to THAT rumor right now.
With all due respect, sir, I think it's the best work I've done.
...I gotta tell you, Fink. It won't wash.
Anyway, I had Lou read your script for me.
Yes sir, they –
Actually it hasn't officially gone through yet. Had wardrobe whip this up. You gotta pull teeth to get anything done in this town. I can understand a little red tape in peacetime, but now it's all-out warfare against the Japs. Little yellow bastards.  They'd love to see me sit this one out.
Congratulations.
...I was commissioned yesterday in the Army Reserve. Henry Morgenthau arranged it. He's a dear friend.
Colonel Lipnik, if you don't mind.
Mr. Lipnik.
Fink.
Ah, forget it, kid. I want you to pull this out of your head. If that sonofabitch wouldn't apologize to you, goddammit, I will. I respect your artistry and your methods, and if you can't fill us in yet, well hell, we should be kissing your feet for your fine efforts.
Mr. Lipnik, I really would feel much better if you could reconsider –
You don't have to cover for him. It's noble of you, but these things happen in business.
No no, Mr. Breeze has actually been a great help –
I apologize, Barton.
Mr. Lipnik, I –
KISS THIS MAN'S FEET!!
I – Mr. Lipnik –
CAN you?  You damn well better be. Jesus, if I hadn't been honest in my business dealings – well, of course, you can't always be honest, not with the sharks swimming around this town – but if you're a writer, you don't think about those things – if I'd been totally honest, I wouldn't be within a mile of this pool – unless I was cleaning it. But that's no reason for you not to be. Honest, I mean.  Not cleaning the pool.
...Can I be honest, Mr. Lipnik?
And then... well...
Great! He's poor, this wrestler! He's had to struggle!
...It's a tenement building. On the Lower East Side...
Boy! You writers! Work hard, play hard!  That's what I hear, anyway...
Yeah... rye whiskey?
...Both maybe?
...Well Bart, which is it? Orphan? Dame?
Lou.
...Yes, thank you.
That's okay, that's okay, that's okay – that's just fine. You probably just walked in here thinking that was going to be a handicap, thinking we wanted people who knew something about the medium, maybe even thinking there was all kind of technical mumbo- jumbo to learn. You were dead wrong. We're only interested in one thing: Can you tell a story, Bart?  Can you make us laugh, can you make us cry, can you make us wanna break out in joyous song? Is that more than one thing? Okay.  The point is, I run this dump and I don't know the technical mumbo-jumbo. Why do I run it? I've got horse-sense, goddamnit. Showmanship. And also, and I hope Lou told you this, I bigger and meaner than any other kike in this town. Did you tell him that, Lou? And I don't mean my dick's bigger than yours, it's not a sexual thing – although, you're the writer, you would know more about that. Coffee?
To be honest, I don't go to the pictures much, Mr. Lipnik –
Less Hollywood?  Sure, say it, it's not a dirty word. Sat whatever the hell you want. The writer is king here at Capitol Pictures. You don't believe me, take a look at your paycheck at the end of every week – that's what we think of the writer.  ...so what kind of pictures does he like?
Thanks, but I wanted a place that was less...
Never heard of it. Let's move him to the Grand, or the Wilshire, or hell, he can stay at my place.
I'm at the Earle.
...Where did we put him?
The others are being sent.
...Those your only bags?
Don't you wanna go to your room?!
What –
Okey-dokey, go ahead.
Huh?
...Okay
Kitchen closes at eight but I'm the night clerk. I can always ring out for sandwiches.
Well, I'm going to be working here, mostly at night; I'm a writer. Do you have room service?
Rez. That'll be twenty-five fifty a week payable in advance. Checkout time is twelve sharp, only you can forget that on account you're a rez. If you need anything, anything at all, you dial zero on your personal in-room telephone and talk to me. My name is Chet.
I don't know... I mean, I'll be here, uh, indefinitely.
Transient or resident?
Excuse me?
...Are you a tranz or a rez?
Okay then, everything seems to be in order. Everything seems to be in order.
Must be.
F-I-N-K. Fink, Barton. That must be you, huh?
I'm checking in. Barton Fink.
Welcome to the Hotel Earle. May I help you, sir?
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
Sex?! He's a MAN! We WRESTLED!
No kidding, bright boy – we smelt Mundt all over this. Was he the idea man?
Charlie... Charlie's back...
Funny. As in, he likes to ventilate people with a shotgun and then cut their heads off.
What did... What did he –
That's right, Fink, he lives next door to you.
...Yeah, he... he lives next door to me.
Nine days – Tuesday –
Is this multiple choice?
Yeah.
Jesus! Ain't that a load off! You live in 605?
Uh-huh.
L.A.P.D.
...Fred...
Why's it so goddamn hot out here?
You two have some sick sex thing?
He teach you to do it?
Only fry you once.
Tell us where the heads are, maybe they'll go easy on you.
Give you nose bleeds?
Sixth floor too high for you, Fink?
You didn't tell us you knew the dame.
Second one of your friends to end up dead.
I dunno, Duke. I kinda liked it.
...I thought you said you were a writer.
Fink. That's a Jewish name, isn't it?
Ya see how he's not writing it down?
Ya know, Fink, ordinarily we say anything you might remember could be helpful. But I'll be frank with you: That is not helpful.
No reputable company would hire a guy like that.
Yeah, and he's Buck Rogers.
But, you know, with the head still on.
Female caucasian, thirty years old. Nice tits. No head. You ever see Mundt with anyone meets that description?
Hollywood precinct finds another stiff yesterday. Not too far from here. This one's better looking than the doc.
Anyway.
Good luck with no fuckin' head.
Physician, heal thyself.
Well, some of his throat was there.
All of which he's now missin'.
Doctor. Ear, nose and throat man,.
Couple of days ago we see the same M.O. out in Los Feliz.
Started in Kansas City. Couple of housewives.
He's a little funny in the head.
Also known as Madman Mundt.
His name is Mundt. Karl Mundt.
Yeah, and I'm Buck Rogers.
Would that be good enough for ya?
You want my partner to kiss your ass?
Big fuckin' deal.
What do you do, Fink?
Got a couple questions to ask ya.
Look at "Blood, Sweat, and Canvas". These are big movies, Fink. About big men, in tights – both physically and mentally. But especially physically. We don't put Wallace Beery in some fruity movie about suffering – I thought we were together on that.
"Blood, Sweat, and Canvas".
Hell, I could take you through it step by step, explain why your story stinks, but I won't insult your intelligence. Well all right, first of all: This is a wrestling picture; the audience wants to see action, drama, wrestling, and plenty of it. They don't wanna see a guy wrestling with his soul – well, all right, a little bit, for the critics – but you make it the carrot that wags the dog. Too much of it and they head for exits and I don't blame 'em. There's plenty of poetry right inside that ring, Fink. Look at "Hell Ten Feet Square".
Yes, Colonel.
Mr. Lipnik, please –
Get down on your knees, you sonofabitch!  Get down on your knees and kiss this man's feet!
This man creates for a living! He puts food on your table and on mine! THANK him for it!  Thank him, you ungrateful sonofabitch! Thank him or YOU'RE fired!
Mr. Lipnik, I –
Ah, hell, let Bart take a crack at it.  He'll get into the swing of things or I don't know writers. Let's make it a dame, Bart, keep it simple. We don't gotta tackle the world our first time out. The important thing is we all have that Barton Fink feeling, but since you're Barton Fink I'm assuming you have it in spades.  Seriously Bart, I like you. We're off to a good start. Dammit, if all our writers were like you I wouldn't have to get so goddamn involved. I'd like to see something by the end of the week.
...Maybe we should do a treatment.
Okay, the hell with the story. Wallace Beery is a wrestler. I wanna know his hopes, his dreams. Naturally, he'll have to get mixed up with a bad element. And a romantic interest. You know the drill.  Romantic interest, or else a young kid. An orphan. What do you think, Lou? Wally a little too old for a romantic interest?  Look at me, a writer in the room and I'm askin' Lou what the goddamn story should be!
No, not yet Jack. We just bought the story. Saturday Evening Post.
We got a treatment on it yet?
Excellent picture.
...Thanks Lou. Join us. Join us. Talking about the Wallace Beery picture.
How's about it, Bart?
Mr. Fink hasn't given a preference, Mr.  Lipnik.
