I want to see the sun rise.
What do you want me to do?
Not good.
How does it look?
I don't understand.
It means "bloodbrother."
Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said?
You're hurting me.
Well it's in mine, too.  I'm a pureblood.  I wasn't turned.  I was born this way.  Just like you.  Am I evil because I want to survive?  What about a wolf?  What about any predator?
I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I do.  It's in my blood.
Why do you hate us so much?
If that's true, then why'd you save me?
Get real.  I was useful to Damaskinos as long as the hunt was still on.  Now that it's over, all bets are off.
It doesn't have to be like that.  We don't have to be enemies.
Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends.
Why?
You don't want to go there.
I wouldn't read too much into it.
It would've been easy for you to let me die back there today, but you didn't.
For what?
Thank you.
I don't think so.
Anyone else make it?
"Each day is a little life.  Every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death."
What?
Each day is a little life.
Save it.  I don't want to hear your words.  Let's do this NOW!!!
Blade.
Fry 'em.
Blade.  We've got six Reapers.  They're all dead.
Really?  What are we supposed to do, then?  Starve ourselves because we fee on others in order to live?  What about that scumbag you just let off the hook? A nothing.  A drug-dealer.  How do you justify saving people like that?
You don't have to hunt to do it.
He's right about one thing.  We do have to survive.
Exactly.  Look at the digestive system. It's been drastically simplified.  Super charged.  And this --
Like cancer with a purpose.
I've never seen anything like this.  The Reapers are as different from us as we are from you.  It's almost as if the virus is re-wiring their bodies, creating new, parasitic organs which consume the old ones.
Nomak's different.  He's the carrier.  There's something driving him beyond the Thirst.  Something we're missing.
If that's true, what about Nomak?  He's been alive longer than the others.
No hemoglobin left. Their metabolisms are too fast.  They burn out.  That's why they're having to feed so often.  Their systems are self destructing.
Time.
Right.  So why is he dying?  He doesn't appear to have any broken bones, no entry wounds of any kind -- what's killing him?
Which means he turned about seventy-two hours ago.
From the surveillance footage in the bloodbank.  He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
Recognize him?
Minutes.
how long since he was bitten?
I didn't know.
He escaped.  You didn't tell me they were immune to silver and garlic.
What about Nomak?
I'll heal.
You're hurt.
Nothing.
What was that?
We need it.  Sensations are addictive and pain cuts the deepest.  Tattoos, piercings, tribal scarring -- because we regenerate, none of it's permanent.  So we have to take it to the next level. To remind us we're alive.
What is it with you people and pain?
I haven't forgotten.
This is our world you're entering.  You may see things -- feeding.  Just remember why you're here.
The House of Pain.
Where to first?
We're going to be working as a unit, you people will be taking orders from me.  So let's get it over with.  I'll give you a free shot, Reinhardt.
What the hell are you doing, Blade?
You've been training two years to take me out.  Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter.  So do it.
No.  They've been training to hunt you.
Then they weren't created to go after your "patient zero".
Two years.
You're missing the point.  Their vampire victims don't die.  They turn.  They become carriers.  If the Reapers continue unchecked, there could be thousands of them before the month is over.  Do the math.
Seems like he's doing me a favor, then.
Survival.
Why?
They tell bedtime stories about you. Blade the big, bad boogie-man.  Frankly, I'm disappointed.  That you were willing to come along so easily, I mean.  Without any assurances.
What?
Blood...
Come on, Blade.  Talk to me!
Then who does he work for?
I did some checking on that Carter Stevens character.  That familiar of theirs who claimed he was with the NIH? Turns out he used to work for them, but he doesn't anymore.
Why don't you ask your girlfriend?
What's your problem, Whistler?
Just out connecting a few dots.
Where the hell have you been?
Your security's for shit, kid.
We'll split into three units.  First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out.
Eau de suckhead.  Tasty.
It means I'm starting to wonder if the vampires still have their hooks in you. You've been acting strange ever since I gave you the cure.  Reckless, quick to anger --  You said it yourself, Whistler.  Those vampires knew our defense system backwards and forwards.  Where'd they get their intel?
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
Pretty hollow words coming from a man who spent the last year running with the enemy.
I am worrying.  Seems to me, you're starting to get confused as to which side of the line you're standing on.
I wouldn't worry about it.
You ask me, you and Miss Muffet are getting a mite too cozy for my taste.
I'll show you.
Where were you, Whistler?
Ran into a little Reaper trouble myself.
I thought you were supposed to be watching our backs.
I'm not giving you a choice, old man.
I don't like it.
He's right.  They'll smell that you're human.  Stay here, watch our backs.
These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain.  They're going to fuck us the first chance they get.
What do you really think?
Sounds like a plan.
What do you think?
Either that or feeding the worms.
I agree.  We play along for now, we might wind up learning something about how their world ticks.
You put a bullet in my brain.  Wouldn't expect anything else.
Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst for good.  I'll be watching you close. You start to back-slide --
Took you long enough.
Did you think I wouldn't?
You came back for me.
Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my mouth.
How do you feel?
Seems like there's a lot of that going around these days.
Thought you were dead.
Put it back in park, Blade.
So I think you people may have underestimated how many Reapers you're dealing with.
So?
Must be hundreds of these skeletons here.
You don't have a choice.  You're just going to have to protect yourselves as best you can.
Spare me the race card, OJ.  We're not going out into the sun.  It's too risky.
Look, I care about the humans who are dying, not you, got it?
And so will we.
Revenge.  That's what Nomak wanted all along.  To pay back the people who created him.
And why is that?
Too bad you're out of it.
True, but thanks to you, we know his weakness.  We can keep him contained. It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down.
I should think that would be obvious at this point.
The genetic material you spliced into Nomak --  Where did you get it?
Not alone.
You want me to hunt them for you.
For what?
It has been said, you may have enemies whom you hate, but not enemies whom you despise.  Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours, too.  In that regard, I should thank you.
Two things.  One, I was on to you the moment they turned you.  And two --  I switched that dud of yours back with the real one.
So that's down and dirty.  Got anything to say for yourself?
You're wasting your time, Blade.  The flechette's a dud.
Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt.
He wants us to know he's hunting us now.
Nomak?
He was here.  Watching us.
What's going on?
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.  Isn't that how the saying goes?
So you're going to do this?
Human?
Motion sensors.  Looks like Zone Three.
I don't know about this, man --
Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure.
Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night.
You got something in mind, Blade?
Ain't nobody here but you and me, chicken wing.  I'd say this is as good a time as any to settle up.
What the fuck you doing?
Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark. What am I supposed to do?
We want to attract them, not scare them off.
Ain't no thing but a chicken wing, buttercup.
Listen, hillbilly, you are a cunt-hair away from cowboy heaven.
You need to ratchet those 'nads of yours down a few notches, paco.
Oh yeah?  Like how little?  In case you hadn't noticed, we lost two men while you were out farting around.
Well you've got it, warmblood.  Now what the fuck are you gonna do with it?
Getting your attention, Paco.
Hey, hey!  The fuck you doing?!
Maybe it's better that way.
Are you insane?  He'll kill us both!
We're locked in.
You experimented on your own, son?
From his father, of course.
Nomak said something to Blade in Greek. Athelfiki singenia ex amato.  Where did he learn that?
I would hate to think you were losing your perspective.  Who do you think God favors in the web?  The spider or the fly?
Thiavolos, as we used to say in Greece. The Devil.  Pure Thirst.  Nothing more. He was born a vampire, but he is an anomaly.  Like you.  Unlike the rest of us, however, he feeds on not just humans, but vampires as well.
His name is Jared Nomak.
As scripted?  You've already lost two of your own.  How many more are you willing to sacrifice?
You worry too much, Stevens.  I have assurance from our friend inside that events are unfolding as scripted.
Any game worthy of being played is.  One must be patient.  In this way, I have outlived my enemies.  All of them.
No.  This is a dangerous game, you're playing, Damaskinos.
An inevitability, I suppose.  Nyssa was not among them, I trust.
Two so far.
Any casualties?
They've made contact with the Reapers.
Yes?
Us?  What are you talking about?
Your blood has a very rare phenotype, one that's quite valuable to people like us.
It depends.  We came up with some unusual results on your blood test.
No --  Does that mean I can't be a donor?
Nobody to call in case of an emergency?
Not that I'm in contact with.
I see from your questionnaire that you don't have any immediate next of kin?
Back when Blade had me hunting down your puckered old ass.  What's up with your hair, anyway?  Fucking Willie Nelson look-a-like?
You little shit.  When did they get to you?
Yeah, your little cootchie knew.
After last night?  Dude, I'm a lover, not a fighter.
What about you?  You're not coming?
I was backpacking.  Hooked up with these two chicks who were off to see the Burning Man festival.  We were gonna take "E", have ourselves a little freeball out in the desert.  You know the riff, "Dear Penthouse, I never thought this would happen to me, but --"
Pretty.
Blade doesn't talk about anything much.  What about you, though?
Blade doesn't talk about the old days much.
Going on twenty years now.
So how long have you known Blade, anyway?
Nope.  Back then we did not.
Yeah, but you didn't have the Scudster working on it, did you?
You're wasting your time, already been tried.
Tweaked the phosphor rod, modified the collimated beam, wanna concentrate the light, get something like a UV laser going.
The hell are you fiddling with there?
Look, kid, they obviously found your base of operations.  If it was a trap, why flip their dicks by announcing themselves?
This whole deal's giving me a serious case of the butt-willies.
Our operation?!  Our operation?!  I built this operation, you fucking turd stain.
Hey, you think I don't know what's at stake here?  We practically compromised our whole operation to save your puckered old ass!  And for what?
Look, what's your problem?
Where'd you dig up this shit-bird anyway?
And you'll burn the damn thing out before your next fucking oil change.
Fuck yeah.  Whole package'll crank this betty up another three-hundred horsepower.
Gave it a more aggressive exhaust profile ramping.
The pimp-mobile?  Just made a few after market modifications.  Nitrous-oxide injection system, forged aluminum pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing fuel pump.
Whatever --  What'd you do to the Charger?
Scud.
Tell me something, Skid --
