Thanks, Mister D.
You did a good job, Charlie.
I don't know.
You think the D.A.'s gonna file on Joanne?
Take some time off.
She kills the old man and makes it look like Miss Lawson did it.  Pretty slick.
Under the law a person cannot profit from their own wrong doing.  Since Rebecca Lawson is the sole beneficiary of the new will, if she is found guilty the will is void and Joanne Braslow could make a very good case to have the old will reinstated.
What good does that do -- it's the old will?
Here it is!  According to the old will Joanne Braslow was to inherit two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
What would Joanne Braslow need with an estate attorney?  She wasn't even mentioned in Marsh's will.
Joe Koehler.  I know him.  He's an estate attorney -- and he's very expensive.
Joanne Braslow is getting more and more interesting.  I followed her today to an attorney's office. Joseph Koehler.
Right now.  Guess who's been buying Coke from him for the last five and half years?
Charlie -- are you going to make a point soon?
You got something on the Coke?
I'm sorry to barge in -- but I figured after that bombshell that got laid on you today you could use some good news?
Because it hasn't all been erased.
Why?
It's very good -- because when the D.A's office saw it they assumed it was the end of the tape, otherwise they would have buried it.
So, what good is it to us if it's been erased?
I would have missed it -- but the phone rang and I let it play while I talked.  It looks like blank tape -- but it isn't.  It's been erased without any input signal coming in.
No -- but I got something.
You got something on the coke?
I've been waiting for you to get back.
I'm trying.
You've got to get me something I can use, Charlie.
Before you ask there's nothing new on the coke.
I want you to hit all the dealers in town.  Give them a list of people close to Marsh and see if any of them use.  Then I want you to check out a Doctor Alan Paley.  He lives up in Roseburg.
So -- where do we start?
We have to find out who else would profit from Marsh's death -- and who knew enough about his personal life to know that putting cocaine in the nasal spray would be fatal.
I'm sorry, man -- but I ain't ever heard of no brother dying from gettin' too much pussy.
It could've happened to anyone.
Yeah -- I hear they had 'em a real dog and pony show going on up there - -  I'll tell you, sometimes white people are a real puzzle to me.  I mean, did this old guy really think he was gonna be able to keep up with a sweet little number like that?
Fine, Charlie.  You familiar with the Marsh case?
How you doin' Mister D?
Did I say it was a natural death?
Because he wasn't dead when she left, and even if he was, not reporting a natural death in a timely fashion isn't a crime.
For starters I'd like to know why she left the house and didn't report the death?
An inquiry into what?
I just wanted to introduce myself and inform Miss Lawson that there will be an inquiry.
I don't think that this is the time, or the place.
Then you can go.
Yeah.
How?
I think I'm going to make your day.
That's the best part.  She gets it all -- everything.
What about the will?
Had to.  I also interviewed three women who were in past relationships with Marsh.  There's no evidence that he had anything but straight sex prior to meeting Miss Lawson.
So she knew about his heart?
He can remember at least one occasion -- and the receptionist can recall two times when she accompanied Marsh to the office.
What did he say about Miss Lawson?
Marsh's Cardiologist told me that after Marsh was diagnosed with heart disease he quit smoking, quit drinking and started exercising every day.  Does that sound like a guy who'd start shoveling cocaine up his nose?
Thank you, Doctor McCurdy.  Your witness.
It would be the same as shooting a gun at him.
What would be the effect if someone secretly administered cocaine to Mr. Marsh and then induced him to make love?
It would be an added stress to his heart.
-- And if he were in the midst of making love while under the influence of cocaine?
Increase his heart rate.
Dr. McCurdy, what would cocaine do to someone in Mr. Marsh's condition?
Yes -- those of Mr. Marsh and a thumb print of Miss Lawson's.
Your Honor, the State enters this evidence as exhibit A.  Were any fingerprints found on the bottle?
Yes.
Is this the bottle that was found on the nightstand?
We found a bottle of Dristan nasal spray on the nightstand.  It was filled with water and cocaine.  Mr. Marsh had a head cold at the time of his death.  I believe he wasn't aware that he was ingesting cocaine.
Then how did it get into his body?
I don't think so.  The membrane in his nasal passage didn't show any sign of long time usage.
So, Mr. Marsh used cocaine?
We found a high concentration of cocaine in his blood.
What induced it?
No.
Was the heart attack the result of natural causes?
Very poor.  He was suffering from severe arterial disease.
What was Mr. Marsh's physical condition prior to his death?
A massive cardiac arrest.
Doctor McCurdy, what was the cause of death?
Can we put Rebecca Lawson at the scene?
Cocaine is the last thing a man in his condition would want.
Any prints on the nasal spray?
We know Marsh had a head cold.   We found cocaine mixed with water in a nasal spray container on the nightstand.  The coke would contract the nasal membrane the same as any decongestant, but for a much shorter time.  He'd keep using more and more -- never knowing what he was taking.
What can we prove?
Yes.
What are you saying, Henry?  That his girlfriend fucked him to death?
But there's more?
That's what my report will read.
The official cause?
The official cause of death was a cardiac arrest.
What'd he die of?
Marsh wasn't alone.  We found traces of sperm on the sheets.  The toxicology report says there were high levels of cocaine in his blood.
Not sure.  I'll have everything you need tomorrow.
Cause?
About three hours.
Your witness.
No -- never.
Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use cocaine?
Could you be more specific?
Sex.
What was the nature of the argument?
Well -- he died on a Sunday and I have the weekends off -- but they were ripping at each other with both barrels Friday afternoon.
Did they argue the day before he died?
You name it -- they argued about it. Mr. Marsh tried his best to keep her happy -- but it seemed that no matter what he did it was never enough for her.
What did they argue about?
Like cats and dogs.
Did Miss Lawson and Mr. Marsh ever argue?
Yes.
Mrs. Crawford, you were Mr. Marsh's maid for nine years?
Counsel approach the bench.
Objection, Your Honor.
You may call your next witness.
No questions.
Did Miss Lawson ever give you any indication why she was leaving?
Objection sustained.
Alright -- I'm going to allow his testimony.
He was away on an extended vacation and just returned two days ago.
Why didn't the State's investigation uncover Mr. Roston earlier?
Your Honor, Mr. Roston is an ex-lover of Miss Lawson's.
You get his statement?
Can I go?
Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women.
Objection!  May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson -- not Dr. Paley.
Your Honor, I'm trying to establish the sense of betrayal Miss Lawson felt when she discovered the man she lived with was a different person than she thought he was.
Objection!  Mr. Roston's sexual preferences are not at issue in this trial.
I'll rephrase the question.  Mr. Roston isn't it true you are bisexual?
Objection!
The opinion of a scorned lover is hardly an objective view.
Your Honor, Mr. Roston lived with the defendant for many months.  I feel that his opinion is valid in substantiating the character of the Miss Lawson.
Objection.  The question calls for a conclusion on the part of the witness.
The State's investigation just uncovered Mr. Roston yesterday afternoon in Chicago.
Your Honor, I don't see a Mr. Roston listed as a prosecution witness.
Her.  It's an obvious move.  I'm building a case against her, remember?
You've been following me?
Really?  What does an attorney speak to his client about at her house until three o'clock in the morning?
You don't know what you're talking about.
I'm talking to you as a friend now. Don't ruin your life, your career for her.  She'll spit you out when this is over.
That's ridiculous.
Back off, John.
What's happening to you, Frank? You're acting like you're on trial here.  This has become personal to you.
I didn't hear it.
Hey -- the bell's sounded.  It's between rounds.
I've got work to do.
Your Honor -- please!
I'm just curious to see if Mr. Troxell reconstructed anything else.
Objection, Your Honor.  The fact that Mrs. Crawford heard Mr. Troxell reconstruct her sentence and decided to rephrase her words in a more intelligent manner for the court doesn't mean the incident never happened.
I was just about to make my point, Your Honor.
Your Honor, I fail to see what Mrs Crawford's educational background has to do with this case.
Objection.  Your Honor, we don't know where this tape is from.  Who made it -- or under what circumstances it was made.
Your Honor, this is a tape from Miss Lawson's answering machine.  I would like to play it now.
Yeah.  Well -- we'll let the blindfolded lady with the scales decide that.
Aren't they all?
She's innocent.
Then she's not as smart as I thought she was.  You've seen her in the depositions.  Tell me you don't have any doubts?
I'll tell her but she won't take it.
We're going all the way on this one, Frank.  Tell your client she has until the prelim to cop a plea for murder two -- fifteen to twenty five.
I don't buy it and neither will a jury.
The M.E.'s report stated that Marsh's nasal membranes showed no sign of prior cocaine use.  Without the nasal spray we would have still treated it as a poisoning.  We would have looked for motive and the trail would have still led back to her.
Suspicions maybe -- but suspicions aren't enough for a conviction.
Because she's clever.  Because she knows that even if we didn't find it we'd have suspicions as to why a man in Marsh's condition would use cocaine.
Why would she want that?
She planned this.  She wanted us to find the nasal spray.
C'mon -- think about it.  If she was going to kill Marsh why leave the nasal spray bottle there for the police to find?
You're bluffing.  John, it's me, remember?  I've known you since your name was Juan Carlos.
Take your pole out of the water, Frank.  The fish ain't biting today.
Can you?
You can't show intent.
Marsh left her close to three million dollars in his will.  That's motive. She admits to being there the night of his death.  That's opportunity -- and her fingerprints are on the nasal spray bottle.
Lookin' to make the papers, John?
No.  Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions. She doesn't have to sit here and be insulted.  So, either you charge her now or we're leaving.
Sit down, Frank.
That's it.  My client doesn't have to take this crap from you.
That's correct -- but Andrew never told me he had a heart condition.  He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious.
Mr. Marsh's Cardiologist and his nurse have told us that you accompanied Mr. Marsh to their office on at least two occasions.
No.
Were you aware of Mr. Marsh's heart condition?
No.  I haven't done it in years.
Did you use it the night Marsh died?
I have.
Miss Lawson, do you use cocaine?
What did Mr. Marsh say?
Yes.
Did you talk about Miss Lawson?
Horrible.  He was tired and pale.
How did he look?
Yes.
Did you see Mr. Marsh the day before his death?
I opened the bathroom door one day and saw Miss Lawson pouring Cocaine out of a vial.
Tell the court about that, please.
Yes.
What about Miss Lawson?
No -- never.
Did you ever see Mr. Marsh use Cocaine?
Six years.
How long were you Mr Marsh's personal secretary?
Thank you.
No -- but I can get it for you.
You wouldn't know her address, would you?
Rebecca Lawson.
Her name?
I assume his girlfriend.
Do you know who Mr. Marsh was with?
I had some papers to pick up.
Why did you come by?
A little after eleven.
Miss Braslow -- I'm District Attorney John Cardenas.  You arrived at what time tonight?
Show me.
No.  She stopped by to pick up some papers.
She was here?
His Secretary.  Joanne Braslow.
Who found him?
Yeah.
Is it Marsh?
Doctor Steven Trammel.  Cardiologist.
Just one last question.  What does the sign on your office door say?
Yes.
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh to your office?
Yes.
He did everything he could to take care of his heart?
Yes -- he stopped smoking and drinking and exercised regularly.
Did Mr. Marsh change his lifestyle after that?
About a year and half ago.
Doctor Trammel, when did you first diagnose that Mr. Marsh had heart disease?
Thank you.  The State rests.
She was.
Who was your primary beneficiary?
Yes.
Did you change your will while you were with Miss Lawson?
I woke up the next morning and she was gone.
What happened after that?
I couldn't help myself.  You get lost inside a women like her.  It was like a drug.  It was the best sex I ever had.
If you knew it was bad for you why did you do it?
She started touching herself and telling me how much she wanted me. She reached down and put me inside her.  My doctor had warned me about exerting myself -- but you really don't think of those things at a moment like that.  You just think about how beautiful this woman is -- how much you want her.  How deeply you want to please her.  At first it started off slowly -- but the rhythm built and built.    Every time I got close to an orgasm she would stop.  Eventually I started to have trouble breathing.  Rebecca just kept going -- faster and faster.  No matter what I said she wouldn't stop. I really thought for a moment I was going to die.
What did she do next, Mr. Roston?
She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before.
Mr. Roston I know this is difficult for you, but it's important you tell the court what she did.
What did she say?
She told me that tonight we were going to open new doors.  I asked her to stop -- to take off the handcuffs, but she wouldn't listen.
She's a woman who is very much aware of her own sexuality.  Sometimes I felt she could read my mind.  It was uncanny how she knew exactly what I wanted.  A few nights before my heart surgery Rebecca woke me.  She had handcuffed me to the bed.
What would she do that made it hard to resist?
It's hard to resist a woman as beautiful as she is.
It was like sex was a game to her. She got off on the control.  She always used to tell me it had to be her way.
Can you give the court an example?
It was like she was trying to push me as far as she could.  She called it opening new doors.
When you say your sexual relations with Miss Lawson were intense what exactly do you mean?
Well -- I think that after the operation she realized that...
Why do you think she left you?
She didn't.  She just left.
Why did she say she was leaving?
She left me.
Why not?
It didn't.
How did your relationship with Miss Lawson progress after the surgery?
Fine.  The doctors say if I keep taking care of myself I can live to be a very old man.
And how are you now?
I had bypass surgery.
What happened next?
I had a bad heart.
What kind of condition are you referring to?
It was wild.  She was constantly trying to get me more and more worked up -- kinky things.  I tried to satisfy her the best I could, but it was difficult in my condition.
I know this is a very personal subject, but could you be a little more specific?
Intense.
How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson?
For about one year.
How long were you together?
We were lovers.
Mr. Roston, what was your relationship with Miss Lawson?
Cocaine.
-- And what did you suggest?
She said that those weren't any good -- because their use would be detected and the police would know the victim had been poisoned.  She wanted to know if there was a drug that would induce a heart attack but could also be used to enhance a sexual high.
What did she say?
Yes -- Insulin and others.
Did you suggest any?
She said that she was working on a novel and she wanted to know what kinds of drugs would be harmful to someone with a bad heart.
What kind of information?
Well -- I realized that she wasn't interested in me.  She was just trying to get information out of me.
Why?
We stopped seeing each other.
What eventually happened to your relationship with Miss Lawson?
Yes -- several times.
Did you ever see her again after that?
At a dinner party -- about eight months ago.
Where did you meet Miss Lawson?
I mean she only screwed me two or three times a night because she had to -- I'm sure she didn't enjoy it.
That's enough.
I'm sure that every orgasm she had with me was faked.
You called him?
Don't you see what she's doing?  She needs you to kill me.  She's planned it that way from the start.  That's why she phoned me tonight.
That's all Dr. Paley.
I may have been infatuated with her - - but I wouldn't perjure myself.
No further questions.
You can suggest anything you want. It happened.
I suggest it never happened.
No -- she asked me about cocaine.
You're still angry, aren't you? Isn't it true that your whole story is nothing more than a vindictive attempt on your behalf to get back at Miss Lawson?
I was angry.
You'll be sorry?
No.
And after that didn't you continuously harass Miss Lawson?
Yes.
And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not.
Well -- as I remember it, we had an argument.
If necessary I can bring in the valet parking attendant and two customers who witnessed the occurrence.
No.
You didn't grab her and try to kiss her?
No.
Isn't it true that later that night you tried to force yourself on Miss Lawson in the parking lot?
We had dinner at a restaurant.
Dr. Paley, where were you the last time you saw Miss Lawson?
No.  No, I don't.
Then you have no way of knowing what Mr. Marsh told Miss Lawson were the reasons for his visits?
No.
Did Miss Lawson ever accompany Mr. Marsh inside during his examinations?
No.
Did Mr. Marsh ever tell you that he had spoken to Miss Lawson about his illness?
No.
Dr. Trammel, did you ever speak to Miss Lawson about Mr. Marsh's condition?
Yes -- quite easy.
One last question, Doctor.  If someone didn't know better, would it be easy to mistake the peony root for cocaine?
October twenty-seventh.
A previous witness stated that she saw Miss Lawson pouring a white powder into her hand on October twenty-eighth.  According to your records when did you prescribe the drug?
I tell them to pour an amount the size of a quarter into the their hand and mix it with water.
How do you instruct your patients to take it?
It's a white powder that comes in a vial.
Would you describe for the court what Chinese peony root looks like?
Chinese peony root.
What did you prescribe for her?
Yes.
Did you ever prescribe any medication for her cramps?
She suffers from severe menstrual cramps.
Why does she come to you?
Yes.  I've been seeing her for over a year.
--And is Miss Lawson a patient of yours?
Oriental medicine.
Dr. Wong -- what type of medicine do you practice?
What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say?
No.
Then -- those are not your own words?
I heard him say it.
No.
High school?
No.
Did you go to college, Mrs. Crawford?
There was an inquiry.  It was his word against mine.  They believed him.  I was fired.
What happened?
While I was seeing Dr. Paley I mentioned to him one night that someone was stealing drugs from the third floor dispensary.   Three days after I spoke to him in his office he went to the Head Nurse and told her he had witnessed me stealing drugs.
What happened next?
Do you remember his exact words?
He laughed -- and basically said he would decide when it was over.
What did he say?
How?
Yes -- he did.
Did he make your life miserable?
He used to call me -- tell me that I couldn't just walk out on him.  He said that if I didn't come back he'd make my life miserable.
-- And what did Dr. Paley do after you stopped seeing him?
I realized he wasn't serious.  He was seeing other women -- asking other nurses at the hospital out, so I ended it.
Then what happened?
We dated for about a month last year.
What was the nature of your relationship with Dr. Paley.
I'm a nurse.  I used to work at Roseburg Memorial Hospital.  Dr. Paley's on staff there.
Where did you meet him?
Yes.
Miss Sellers, do you know Dr. Alan Paley?
Because he called me.
Then why did you go see Mr. Koehler in the first place?
No.
You didn't know about it before that?
To show you this.  It's a letter from that lawyer, Koehler.  He wrote it to me the day after I saw him.  He's the one who told me I could get the money if Miss Lawson went to jail.
Why'd you come here?
I'm gonna go to jail.  I know they're gonna make it look like I did it. They gotta put it on someone.
What do you think I've got?  A gun? Maybe I'm gonna kill you too.  Maybe I'll blow your head off right now.
What do you have in your purse?
You killed him -- didn't you, Joanne?
Yes.
Then you would have gotten your money?
You take what people say and make it ugly.  You make others believe what you want them to.  She should have been found guilty.  She shouldn't have gotten off.
Because you were jealous.  Because he cut you out of the will.  Because you have a cocaine habit to feed -- because you know that if Rebecca Lawson is found guilty the new will is void -- and there's a very good chance the old one would be honored.
No!  Why would I want to kill him?
Isn't it true that you put the cocaine in the bottle?
No.
Isn't it true that you stopped by the house after you left the drug store and dropped off the items you bought?
I don't know.
You see that's what bothers me.  No other bottle of nasal spray was found in the house.  The police looked. There was only the one bottle.  But you say you didn't arrive until after Mr. Marsh was dead -- yet we know he was using the nasal spray prior to his death.  How do you think it got there?
P.M.
A.M -- or P.M.?
Three fifteen.
Would you read for us the time of the purchase?
Dristan nasal spray.
There's an item you picked up that's marked.  Will you read it?
Yes.
Well - I'm a little confused.  This is a charge receipt from Rosen's Drug Store where Mr. Marsh had an account.  It's dated the day of the murder.  Is this your signature?
Yes.
Yes.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot of money.  That must have made you pretty angry?
She talked him into it.  She wanted everything.
In his previous will Mr. Marsh left you two hundred and fifty thousand dollars -- then he cut you out.  Why do you think he did that?
Yes.
--and that he changed his will?
Yes.
--And that Mr. Marsh paid less attention to you?
Yes.
And you resented that he cared for her in a way he once cared for you?
Yes.
You resented the fact that she told you what to do in Mr. Marsh's house?
Yes.
You don't like her because you were involved with Mr. Marsh before she came along.  Isn't that true?
No.
You don't like Miss Lawson much do you?
I've been to a few -- yes.
You've tried it?  Isn't it true that you've been in and out of Rehab centers for the last four years?
I've tried it.
Money isn't the only reason people commit murder, Miss Braslow.
I'm a practical woman Mr. Dulaney. Killing Andrew wasn't in my best interest.  As it is I'm out of a job and I'm not in his will.
I was jealous.  Of course I was hurt. He switched me off like a little toy he was finished playing with.  But I didn't kill him.
It must have been horrible.  Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you.
Yes.
You're lying.  Marsh was wearing a cast on the tape.  It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson.  He dumped you for her, didn't he?
Yes, I slept with him but that was a long time ago.
I thought he was a kind, gentle man?
That bastard!
He video taped you.
Who told you that?
Yes.  I suppose it's possible.
Well, think about it.  Isn't it possible?
I don't know.  I'm not sure.
So, isn't it possible that he was confiding in you about the pain he was feeling about losing what might be his last chance for love?  That what he really was saying was that the uncertainty of her leaving was driving him crazy and if it didn't stop it was going to kill him.  That if she did leave his heart couldn't take it.
I suppose.
So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving.  That must cause tremendous anxiety. Sleepless nights.  Incredible stress.
Yes -- he mentioned it.
Didn't Mr. Marsh also tell you that Miss Lawson felt bored here and was thinking about going back to Chicago for awhile?
He said that if it kept up she was going to kill him.  That his heart couldn't take it.
Could you repeat the last part of what Mr. Marsh said to you the day before his death?
Yes--  It was on a Friday.  I remember because I was going to visit my sister for her birthday.  It would be October twenty-eighth.
Do you remember the date when you saw Miss Lawson in the bathroom?
What other kind of white powder do people keep in a vial?
How do you know it was cocaine that Miss Lawson had in the bathroom?
I was at the house one morning -- I thought Miss Lawson was upstairs with Mr. Marsh.  When I went into the guest bathroom she was standing in front of the mirror pouring this white powder out of a vial.
How do you know that?
Yes -- cocaine.
What about Miss Lawson?
No.
Did Mr. Marsh use drugs?
I wasn't lookin' through the keyhole if that's what you're thinking.  I'd come to house sometimes to pick up papers or speak to Andrew.  I'd find their little toys all over the place.
How do you know what kind of sex they had?
Andrew was a kind and gentle man, but he was thirty years older than her. Where's the attraction to sleep with someone like that -- to have the kind of sex they had.
If you don't know her that well what makes you think she's capable of murder?
I really don't know her that well. We would say hello to each other when I would come to the house, but that was about it.
I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much?
I don't know.  It's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of doing that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca.
You don't really believe what the district attorney is saying about Miss Lawson, do you?
He did.  Look, I know you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink -- but you hold a pail of water in front of an old horse for long enough  -- and well...
What changed?
I worked for Mr. Marsh for six years. He was a good man -- until she came along.
Sorry.
I'm not asking for names or specifics.  I just want to know what prompted you to make the call?
You know I can't talk about that.
I need to ask you a question.  What made you get in touch with Joanne Braslow?
Frank -- what are you doing here?
Hi, Joe.
No further questions.
Yes.
Would it be fair to say that when she did find out it was a shock to her?
And she left shortly after that?
Yes.
And didn't Miss Lawson come home one day and find you in bed with your male lover?
Yes.
And your sexual tastes were something that you hid from Miss Lawson?
Yes.
Don't listen to him.  Can't you see he's trying to turn you against me.
How's it supposed to work Rebecca? You and Paley celebrate your victory. You get me over here and provoke a fight so he has to rush in and save you -- but then he's given himself away as your accomplice -- now he has to kill me.  After that I figure she'll tell the Police that you broke in.  That you were crazed because we humiliated you in court?
No -- he's lying.
Shoot him.
She's right, Paley.  You've got to kill me.  She doesn't have to -- she's free -- she can't be tried again -- but you, you planned it with her.  You supplied the Coke.  You're an accessory to murder.
Don't push me, Frank.  I might lose my temper and send it out just for spite.
I'm not leaving without that tape.
So, sue me.  Things have changed.  I think you should go home -- and after you leave I see no reason for us to ever have contact again.
That wasn't the deal.
I've been thinking about that.  I've decided to give it to you after I've collected the inheritance.  You can take that one if you want -- but there's another copy.
That's crazy.
You killed him.  You killed him -- and I got you off.
Frank -- It's Rebecca.  I need to see you right away.  I've got the tape.
Hello?
No -- I'm a survivor.
You're a monster.
You can think whatever you want, Frank -- but I didn't kill Andrew, and I'm not going to prison for something I didn't do.
No -- you're not.
I'm dropping the case.
I do need you.  No matter what you think of me -- I didn't do it.
You don't need anybody.
I knew you were thinking that.  I could see it in your eyes today in the courtroom.  You're wrong, Frank. I need you to believe that.
You killed him -- didn't you?
You're too weak, Frank.  When you want something you have to do what- ever it takes to get it.  If something gets in your way you remove it.
He was only doing what he thought was right.
Fuck him!  He tried to shatter mine.
Rebecca -- we shattered a man's life in open court.
To celebrate how masterfully you destroyed Roston today.
What's that for?
Are you scared?
What are you going you doing?
Tonight we open new doors.
Rebecca -- take these off.
Honey.
Sugar or honey?
What does that mean?  You've been thinking about the case?  Or you thought everything out before you killed Marsh?
Don't worry about Paley.  He can't touch me.  No one can.  I've thought it all out.
I'm glad you have such confidence in me.
I'm sure you'll be able to handle him.
Paley could be a problem tomorrow.
Something wrong?
You can see me now.
Can I see you later?
It's only the beginning.
You were brilliant today.
Of course.
Alone?
I went out on the boat.
I called you all weekend.  Where were you?
I don't know, Frank -- but don't you think that's something we should find out?
Why would she lie?
I don't use cocaine anymore.  If she says she saw me doing it she's lying.
No, I don't have to believe you.  The jury has to believe you and answers like he's lying or she's mistaken aren't going to convince them.
It isn't true.  You have to believe me.
That's not good enough, Goddamit!
She's mistaken.
I just left Joanne Braslow.  She told me she saw you doing cocaine at Marsh's house!
What?
You lied to me!
You take a lot for granted.
There's nothing wrong in admitting that you want me, Frank.
No -- that's what I know you were thinking.
Is that what you think I was thinking?
You and me -- making love.
What would?
Yes -- it would be nice.
It's hard to let go of a dream, isn't it?  To let go of what you want?
I broke my ankle skating.  That ended that dream.
That seems so far away from who you are now.  What happened?
Yeah.
Really?
No -- I wanted to be a professional hockey player.
Did you always want to be a lawyer?
It won't be that hard.
It's going to be hard to convince a jury that he's testifying against you in a murder trial because you blew him off.
I hardly know him.  He wanted me and he couldn't have me.
Tell me about Doctor Paley?
It's okay.
Sorry.
Andrew loved this old cabin.  He always dreamed about moving to Tahiti -- living in a hut and becoming a beach-bum.  I could never imagine myself doing that -- but somehow when he talked about it, he made it sound so alive - - so wonderful.  Soft ocean breezes and beautiful sunsets -- leaving the world and it's problems behind.  I wish he'd had a chance to do it.
Yeah.
No -- not at the office.  I've got a better idea.
Great.  I'll see you at the office at nine.
Yes -- she did.
I just wanted to see if my secretary called to confirm your appointment tomorrow.
Hi, Frank.
Hi.  It's Frank.
Hello?
Not true.  Shall I tell you what you were thinking?  You were wondering if I was wearing anything under my skirt.
Nothing.
Tastes can change.
It's not my taste.
That's not an answer.
Oh -- Well, they're different.
I'm the photographer.
I think the photographer's probably a voyeur.
What do you think?
No -- it just doesn't look right.
Is it against the law?
Because, I'm your attorney.  I shouldn't be going to your house.
Why not?
I know.
This is your house.
Sure.  Where to?
Can we get out of here?
Why didn't you live together?
We started talking.  In fact, we talked until four in the morning.  We discovered we shared a lot of the same interests.  After that we were together all the time until he left. He used to call me every night after he came back.  Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him. I've never left.
-- And then?
I was at a cocktail party.  Very trendy.  Andrew was in Chicago on business.  He had broken his wrist the week before and was wearing it in a sling.  He looked so helpless.
How'd you meet Marsh?
Because -- somehow the fruit always tasted that much sweeter because of the pain it took to get to it.
If you had what you wanted at home why did you sneak into their yard?
When I was growing up we had a strawberry patch in our backyard. So did this family down the road.  I used to sneak in their yard and steal their strawberries.  It wasn't easy. The stone walls were high and I'd scrape my knees as I climbed over. On the other side were wild rose bushes.  The thorns would dig into my legs and cut my thighs as I lowered myself down.
Try.
Because -- it's beyond intellect. It's emotion.  It's passion.  It has to be experienced -- it can't be imagined.
Why not?
I don't know if it's something I can explain to you.
How?
Yes.
As it pertains to you -- not me.  Did you always know you had different... tastes?
I thought the subject was sex?
I think we're getting a little off the subject here.
We're not animals.
Something like that.
No pain, no gain?
Have you ever seen animals make love, Mr. Dulaney?  They have such passion -- such savage emotion.  They struggle, and snarl, and claw, but neither hurts the other.  Not really.
I am who I am.  I can't deny it, anymore than you can deny who you are.  I like sex different -- I like it wild.  That's not a crime.  I loved Andrew.  We made love together.  We made it differently, but we still made love.  It was our way.  It was private -- and now the whole world wants to look in through the pretense of justice.  If I was some middle-aged divorcee who screwed him once a week do you think this would be happening to me?
Those same men will be sitting on the jury.
I'm used to being on the outside looking in.  The same men who will publicly profess their moral outrage for my sexual tastes are the same ones who privately rest their sweaty little hands on my legs and talk about weekend trips together.
This is a very small town -- people here have very straight views on sex.
Andrew hardly needed leading.  He was a very passionate man.  He was eager to explore.  I gave him what he wanted.  We fulfilled each others needs.
I want you to know right now that the trial's going to be nasty.  Your sex life is going to be dragged through the mud.  They're going to say that you enticed Marsh -- led him down a dark path.
I'll have you out in a few hours.
Frank!
You still haven't answered my question.
He'll file.  He's an ambitious man. Ambitious men build their careers on the bodies of others.
You're assuming the District Attorney is going to file charges.
And that's exactly what the jury will see when they look at me.  That's why I need a very good lawyer, Mr. Dulaney.
Not a very good one I'm afraid.
You must have some feeling.  Some immediate impression.  A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will.  And the things that went on in that house.  Such wild sex.  What kind of picture does that paint?
I don't know.  That's why I'm asking you.
Do you think I did it?
There are no charges against you. I'm here to decide if I'm going to represent you should that occur.  Did you kill him?
Are you going to represent me?
She's waiting in the conference room.
Alright, I'll talk to her
Well, I guess that makes you the best.  Look, Frank -- she stands to inherit three million dollars.  As executors of the estate and her attorneys that could generate a lot of legal fees for us.  All I'm asking you to do is talk to her.
Raymond, I'm the only criminal attorney you have.
Because I told her you were the best criminal attorney we have.
Why?
I know -- but she wants you to represent her if Cardenas files.
I'm supposed to be on vacation.
We've already got press arriving from over the country and she hasn't even been charged yet. Cardenas wants to see her in his office tomorrow at ten.  I'd like you to go with her.
Andrew Marsh was a very wealthy man. A trial like this is going to put Cardenas in the spot-light.
I gotta go.  I'll call you later.
I know what day it is!  Get off the phone.
-- But it's Sunday.
Because I'm expecting a call.
Why?
Michael -- get off the phone.
I love you too, Dad.
I love you.
Is Mom yelling at you too?
Well, that's kind of how I am right now.
Yeah.
You know how it is sometimes when you're out playing ball with your friends?  How you're really concentrating on what you're doing -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yells at you?
She allegedly humped him to death?
Hey, you know better than that.  What did I teach you to say when someone is accused of doing something?
The kids at school say she humped Mr. Marsh to death.
What are they saying?
You better.  Please answer the question.
I can back it up.
Are you able to back up this allegation -- or are you fishing?
Your Honor -- the prosecution has introduced cocaine as one of the contributing reasons Mr. Marsh died. How it may have been introduced into the household is of vital importance.
How often do you use cocaine?
Miss Braslow, I'd like to remind you that you are still under oath.
Mr. Roston?
The witness will answer the question.
Mr. Cardenas, I suggest you move on to another line of questioning.
Objection.  The witness has already stated that Miss Lawson left without an explanation.
That's it, Mr. Dulaney.  Take a seat.
But Your Honor--
Maybe you don't know what it's like where Mrs. Crawford comes from -- but I do.  I came from a neighborhood just like hers.  This is a whole other world for her.  She's a poor working woman who has been thrust into a room full of highly educated and mostly unsympathetic people.  So, she puts on her best dress, fixes her hair and tries to present herself as intelligently as possible.  Being poor and having pride is not a crime, Mr. Dulaney -- and before you attempt to impeach another witness' testimony in my courtroom -- your foundations better be based on something other than semantics.
No, Your Honor.
Mr. Dulaney, before you cast aspersions on the District Attorney's Office by suggesting they've coaxed this witness to say things that aren't true -- you better have more than a hunch.  Do you?
"Discourteous insinuations about his sexual abilities."  Who told you to say that?
Do it quickly, Mr. Dulaney.
Is this what you want -- huh?  Is it?
Frank -- stop it!  Stop it!
I don't want our lives ruined because of this.  I love you, Frank.  I want this to work -- but you have to help me.  You have to come back from where ever it is you are.
You think that's the answer?  Sex? Is that what you want?  You want me to make love to you?
It was a place to start.
It's more involved than that.
You used to like to touch me -- to make love to me.
I don't know.
Why didn't you come to me?
Please -- not now.
We can't pretend this isn't happening.
You wouldn't like what you'd see. You don't know me anymore.  I don't know me anymore.
Talk to me.
I know.
Maybe it would be a good idea if you just took Michael.
I was thinking that when the trial is over we'd all go skiing for a weekend.
It's bad enough that you are.  It's even worse that you can stand here and lie to me.
No.
You're sleeping with her, aren't you?
I'm not.
This isn't a courtroom.  Don't try to turn this around on me.
Because I knew you'd think exactly what you're thinking.
Why did you lie to me?
Yes.
Charlie called at eleven thirty looking for you.  You were with her, weren't you?
Working.  Charlie and I were going over some statements.
Where have you been?
Sharon, it's late.  Can we get to the point?
That's what I was hoping you'd tell me.
What's wrong?
We have to talk.
Yeah -- what are you doing up?
Yeah -- fine.  Excuse me.  I'll be right back.
Is that alright, Frank?
No one's asking you not to work.  I just think you could make some time for your son.
Because I go to trial in seven weeks. I've got a lot of preparing to do.
Why don't you talk to him now?
I'll talk to him later.
Frank -- I know you're busy, but Michael asked me after dinner if you were angry with him.  He wanted to know why you weren't talking to him.
I can think of worse ways to go--
Yes.
Humped
Yeah -- but can she cook?
She sounds like quite a woman.
Attractive.  Bright.  Distant. Charming when she wants to be.
What's she like?
I don't know yet.  I want to hear what she says at her statement tomorrow.
If he files are you going to take the case?
He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard.
How can Cardenas possibly think he can build a case against two consenting adults?
Some example you set.
I swear -- the both of you.  Some example you set.
He could let you have your vacation.
I know.  What can I do?  He is the boss.
We're supposed to go to the lake.
Hello?... Hi Raymond.... What?... Well, I was sort of planning on... Alright... Okay, goodbye.  That was Sattler.  He thinks the D.A.'s going to file on Rebecca Lawson.  He wants me in the office tomorrow morning.
No -- it has to be done by tomorrow.
Can't it wait?
I'm always open to learning new things.
If you want me to.
And I suppose you're going to show me how to relax?
Really.
Really?
This is not relaxing.
I am relaxing.
You're on vacation, remember?  You're supposed to be relaxing.
Daddy -- stop it!
Let me go!  Godammit, Frank let go!
Sorry.
Don't use language like that at the dinner table.
Not even if they're a dork.  You should go by and see how he's feeling.
Not even if they're a dork?
Michael, you shouldn't be happy when someone else isn't feeling well.
No, it's not.  Now I get to pitch.
That's too bad.
Albert's got the stomach flu.
It didn't get there from me.
It had to get there somehow.
No -- never.
Did Marsh use it?
Six thirty -- and he was very much alive.
What time did you leave?
Yes.
We have a witness who saw you go into the house at four thirty.
I didn't know that Andrew was dead until Mr. Sattler called me at home that night.
