Don't worry.
Ebby Calvin Nuke LaLoosh--don't think too much.
I think I'm ready for the Show.
Neither will I.
I won't be needing these anymore.
Well I guess this is it.
How can I possibly thank you?
That's great!
I gotta leave first thing in the morning.
Yeah, Skip, it's me.  Jeez...Jeez...God...Jeez...
It's Skip, for you.
Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him--c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do--
--but you're father's in there!
Aw hell, let's have a quickie right here--
So am I.  Nuke, honey, we need to talk--
I'm starting to understand what you're teaching me.  I mean the panties and the nostrils and all that shit...I mean I'm getting it--
You don't have to...
I couldn't dump my old man but maybe later I can sneak away from him...
Oh--won't YOU come in?
I'd like you to meet my father.
it's okay..
We lost.
I'll be back when we lose.
He did?
He said if I gave in to you I'd start losing again.
What'd he say?
I did.
Nuke!  You got things all wrong! There's no relation between sex and baseball.  Ask Crash.
You're exotic and mysterious and cute--that's why I better leave.
Cute?!  I hate cute!  Baby ducks are cute!  I wanta be exotic and mysterious!
I think you're real cute.
Of course I'm seducing you for Godsakes, and I'm doing a damn poor job of it--  Aren't I pretty?
I knew it--you're seducing me!
I'm trying to play with your body!
No!  You're playing with my mind!
Oh...  Crash is a very smart man.  Now c'mon, honey, give it a try.
He didn't mean it nasty.  He said that gettin' lost and disappearing from the face of the earth was sometimes a good thing to do-- especially like that.
What a nasty thing to say.
Well--he calls it the Bermuda Triangle.  He said a man can get lost in there and never be heard from again.
Yes I do...
Crash once called a woman's, uh-- pussy--y'know how the hair kinda makes a "V" shape?--
Sure.  Unsnap my stockings.
Fundamentals?
I figure we could work on some fundamentals even if we don't make love.
I know what it is.
That's my leg.
I'm not gonna try to seduce you, sweetie...
You can't seduce me.
I'll tuck you in.
No, that's okay.  All I need's a little nap.
How 'bout a back rub?
No, no, it was great.
I'm so proud of you and all the guys.  Want some more soup?
Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh--
No.
Get over here.
Just till I lose.
Nuke?!
You know what it feels like to throw a three hitter?  We better not fuck.
Now don't go overboard, I look incredibly hot, right?
Not that.  I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy.  Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile.
Breathing through your pingala always works, honey--
Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games.
I'm yours.
Yes.  And so is birth.  Now look me in the eyes, Nuke--  You haven't been wearing my panties, have you?
Death is like spring training?
Oh don't be silly.  Death is nothing to be scared of.  It's just another way of living.  It's just a fresh start--kinda like spring training.
God...I think I'm gonna be sick--
It's all the same thing.
I can't keep up with you.  First you say sex is gonna make me a better pitcher--now no sex is gonna do it?!
Much better.  Your delivery was fully integrated because you weren't thinking about it 'cause you were pissed off at me.  This is progress.
How ya like that?
Gimme the God damn ball!
A little better.
How was that?
He's handled a lotta pitchers whose records were better than one and six.
If I throw too hard I'll hurt the kid.
You're patronizing me!  I will not be patronized--
Right.  Okay, fire a couple in there.
Switch nostrils?
The pingala is the nostril used for throwing a baseball.  And if you discover before a game you're in the wrong nostril, it's easy to switch.
I'm really beat.  I need some serious "z's"--
The ida originates at the right testicle and terminates at the left nostril.
There are two important psychic conduits called the "pingala" and the "ida".  The pingala starts with the left testicle  and ends at the right nostril.
My right nostril?
The right nostril.  Good.
Which nostril am I breathing through?
Just do what I say.  Now, which nostril are you breathing through?
This in ridiculous.  I'm a pro.
Catch?
Good.  Total exhaustion can be spiritually fabulous.  Let's play catch.
Sorry.  You look great.  I'm totally exhausted.
What is this "I, I, I" stuff? You only talk about yourself? Aren't you glad to see me?  Don't I look nice?
God I'm tired.  What a trip I was lousy.  I was worse than lousy. Everytime I pitched--it was like throwing gasoline on a fire. Kaboom.  I--
They did when they were in the Carolina League.
Big League pitchers don't use these.
You've been pitching out of the wrong side of your brain.  These'll help move things to the right side.
Jesus, Annie, I don't know--
They'll fit snugly against your balls in such a wonderful way that you'll start seeing things differently--plus they'll remind you of me which is better than thinking about those nasty hitters.
What?
I want you to wear these on the road trip when you pitch.
There is a lot of things you never thought of, sweetie--now get some rest for tonight's game.
God, I never thought of that.
Y'know if you make it to the Bigs you could still become the host of Dance Fever.  Baseball's a good stepping stone for things like that.
I wanted to be the host of Dance Fever, somethin' like that...
You can learn to like it.
Mmm, hmmm.  You shoulda seen how many people came to the airport to see me off.  When I got drafted first it was the happiest day of my Father's life.  He likes baseball more than I do...
You see how nice things are when we go slow?
Yeah maybe you're right.
Would you rather me be making love to him, using your name, or making love to you, using his name?
You said "Crash".
Honey, don't ever listen to a woman when she's making love. They'll say the strangest things.
You said "Crash".
I didn't say "Crash".  I said Nuke.
You mean Nuke.  You said "Crash".
We all deserve to wear white.
Five hours.  We both just know.  Do you think I deserve to wear white?
No, no--I'm fine.  Millie, how much time did you and Jimmy spend together before he proposed?
You should be at the game.
He's a virgin.
Omigawd, honey, I'm so happy for you.
Well, he fucks like he pitches. Sorta all over the place
Well let's get down to it, honey-- how was he?
That's better.  Got the radar ready?
"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
You didn't get "lured".  Women never get lured.  They're too strong and powerful for that. Now say it--"I didn't get lured and I will take responsibility for my actions".
I got lured.
--Millie, you've got to stay out of the clubhouse.  It'll just get everybody in trouble.
I can do that, too.
I got a lotta time to hear your theories and I wanta hear every damn one of 'em...but right now I'm tired and I don't wanta think about baseball and I don't wanta think about Quantum Physics...  I don't wanta think about nothing...  I just wanta be.
What?
Annie---
You'd be great, just great...  'Cause you understand non-linear thinking even though it seems like baseball is a linear game 'cause of the lines and the box scores an'  all--but the fact is that there's a spacious-"non-time kind of time" to it...
You think I could make it to the Show as a manager?
Not yet.  It takes years of practice...
Yeah...you a witch?
Salem, Massachusetts?  Where all the witches were?
There  might be an opening for a manager at Salem next spring.
I'm quitting too.  Boys, not baseball.
I quit.  Hit my dinger and hung 'em up.
What happened?
It doesn't work like that.  God, you're gorgeous.  Want to dance?
How come in former lifetimes, everybody was someone famous?  How come nobody ever says they were Joe Schmo?
...  so you see in a former lifetime I'm sure that I was Alexandria, the Czarette of Russia? What do you think?
I heard already.
I got released.
Whatta you mean "why not"?  Are you gonna play forever?!
Why not?
Well...I used to think that wasn't the worst thing in the world to look forward to.  Lately I'm not so sure.
Are you gonna be waking up next to 20 year old ballplayers when you're 60?
No.
It's possible.
It's true, It's true!  Least it used to be true.  It ain't possible that baseball's not enough anymore, is it, Crash?
I don't know if I'd go that far.
If you know where home plate is, then you know where 1st base is, and 2nd, and everything else-- 'cause they're always in the same place in relation to home.  Don't you see?  If you know where home plate is, then you know where everything else in the universe is!
What's so great about baseball?
Thurman Munson.  He was covered with dirt and he was fighting with everybody--it was beautiful ...  And he called the ump a cocksucker and got thrown out of the game even though it was an exhibition!  So I stayed in the bleachers all spring and gradually came to understand what's so great about baseball.
Who?
I crossed the street--it was the New York Yankees spring training field--tok, tok, tok, was the sound of a ball hitting a bat-- and I sat in the warm bleachers to think about my mother...  And I saw him.
I was raised in a Baptist church got dipped in the water when I was 5-- born again before kindergarten...by the time I was 10 I knew it was bullshit and at 15 I ran away from home...
Why baseball?
You okay?
God damn you--what is happening? Is there no man who'll have me?  This is the weirdest season I ever saw--the Durham Bulls can't lose and I can't get laid!
Annie, I think you should leave.
I said when I think about you, I get wet.
--and as soon as we lose a game, he'll be back in your arms.
I'm ready for a complicated man.
I thought you wanted an "uncomplicated" boy?
Crash, I get wet just thinking about you.
I doubt that.
I don't imagine there's much I could teach you.
And now you wanta teach me?
I teach part time at the Junior College.  What if I told you I was through with Nuke?  He learned his lessons quickly and left me.
Who are you?  Do you have a job?
I want you desperately!
And he's right!  A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often.  You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are!  And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit.
He won't make love to me anymore.
I think of you and the "boy" all the time.
I want to be had.
You're gorgeous, God damn it! From the moment I first saw you I knew I had to have you.  I had to have you!
Don't you think I'm pretty?
Aren't we all?
He' s confused--
Nuke won't go to bed with you, eh?
Crash...I want you.
I'm not a real batter.  I'm a woman.
A batter has two tenths of a second to decide whether to swing--
You got me all confused.
Well, Annie, your place or mine?
Fact is you're afraid of meeting a guy like me 'cause It might be real so you sabotage it with some bullshit about commitment to a young boy you can boss around--  Great deal.  You get to write self- indulgent little poems all winter about how hard it is to find a man even though you just sent him packing-  So what do you really want?  You wanta be a tragic woman figure wallowing in the bullshit of magic?  Or do you want a guy?
Despite my love of weird metaphysics and my rejection of most Judao-Christian ethics, I am, within the framework of a baseball season, monogamous.
Your place or mine?
Let me.
Damn.
No.  Please.
Oh no, I think it'd be great! The Sporting News should know about it.
247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it.
Why not?  If you hit twenty homers this year you'll be the all time minor league champ!  The record's
Don't tell anybody.
But they're nice hips.  I looked up your records-- You've hit 227 home runs in the minors. That's great!
You're pulling your hips out.
Damn.
That's my job too.
Young men are uncomplicated.  And he's not "dim".  He's just inexperienced.  My job is to give him "life-wisdom" and help him make it to the major leagues.
What'you see in that guy--he's dim, pretty boy.  a young, wild,
I'm committed to Nuke for the season.  You had your chance the other night.
So...Wanta make love?
But you were pulling your hips last night.
When you're hitting you shouldn't think about anything but hitting.  But you shouldn't think about it too much.  The trick is to use your brain to not use your brain.
I think Thomas Pynchon's a genius.
Yep.
See my hips?
I'm not interested yet.
I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy.
Wait, Crash--don't go--all I want is a date.  I'm not gonna fall in love with you or nothin'.
G'night.
Oh my...  Don't leave...
I believe in the soul, the cock, the pussy, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, long foreplay, show tunes, and that the novels of Thomas Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated crap.  I believe that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone, I believe that there oughtta be a constitutional amendment outlawing astro-turf and the designated hitter, I believe in the "sweet spot", voting every election, soft core pornography, chocolate chip cookies, opening your presents on Christmas morning rather than Christmas eve, and I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last for 7 days.
What do you believe in?
After 12 years in the minor leagues, I don't tryout.  Besides-- I don't believe in, Quantum Physics when it comes to matters of the heart...or loins.
Actually none of us on this planet ever really choose each other. It's all Quantum Physics and molecular attraction.  There are laws we don't understand that bring us together and break us apart.
Why do you get to choose?  Why don't I get to choose?
These are the ground rules.  I hook up with one guy a season-- I mean it takes me a couple of weeks to pick the guy--kinda my own spring training...  And, well, you two are the most promising prospects of the season so far.  So...  I thought we should get to know each other.
I'll learn.  C'mon--
Crash, I didn't think you--
She's dancing with me.
I don't trust a man who don't dance.  It ain't natural.
I don't dance.
Annie Savoy.  Wanta dance?
I'm Crash Davis.
He'll learn.
Oh no--he's shaking off the sign, Jackson.  Big mistake...
He looks wonderful, Jackson...
Ninety-three miles an hour.
That's not necessary, Jackson---  Okay, Nuke, now lean in for the sign.
Hum, babe, hum, babe, fire it in here, hum babe--
Ninety-five miles an hour...
Oh dear....easy honey...
It says he's not bending his back on his follow-through.
What's it say?
Take this to Ebby in the dugout between innings.
He looks great, just great!
Ninety-five miles an hour.
Three-fourteen?  Hmmm...  Look't those thighs, Jackson
Jose Galindo.  He hit .314 at Lynchburg last year.
Number twenty-two's thighs are just great.  Who's he?
She will, Mr.  LaLoosh, she will ...
God bless you.
Oh let's not...
Let's have a quick word of prayer, right here, to thank the Lord for all this--
Praise the Lord, eh?
We were worried that Ebby might get involved with the wrong crowd in professional baseball--we're so pleased, he met a Christian woman.
He's a good student.
Uh oh...  Can I offer you some coffee?
Ebby's told me a lot about you.
Shh, shh...  "They will not let me off till I go with them, respond to them, and discorrupt them and charge them"
We gonna fuck or what?
Good--then listen.  "I sing the body electric.  The armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them--"
Never heard of 'em.
Well, he sort of pitches for the Cosmic All-Stars.
Who's he play for?
Sweetie, have you ever heard of Walt Whitman?
You think Dwight Gooden leaves his socks on?
The socks?  It's cold in here.
No, no, honey...  first the shoes and socks.
When you know how to make love, you'll know how to pitch.  Shh.  I love this part.
Jesus, what kinda broad are you?
No, no, no.  Put it back on and take it off slowly.
Well shit, then, let's fuck.
No ballplayer ever said "no" to a date with me.
You're a regular nuclear meltdown, honey--slow down.
Is somebody gonna go to bed with somebody or what?
Oh both of you, of course...
Which one of us?
Well--you boys stopped fighting yet?  Are you pals now?  Good.  I love a little macho male bonding-- I think it's sweet even if it's probably latent homosexuality being "re-channeled" but I believe in "re-channeling" so who cares, right?  Shall we go to my place?
That's what I been telling everybody!  Wanta dance?
You need a nickname.
Ebby Calvin LaLoosh.
You got a live arm there.
Thanks for the note--you're right, I wasn't bending my back.
C'mon, God damn it, gimme some!
No, that is not belief.  That is desperation.
I'm 0 for 16!  Gimme some of that shit.
If you believe in Voodoo.
Will that work for me?
Yes.  A switch hitting witch. Very common in Puerto Rico.
You a God damn witch?
Chicken bone cross take the curse off this bat and bring me hits.
What's that?
You're outta here!
You're a cocksucker!
Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here!
Beg me again!
Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here!
Beg me!
Try it!  Go ahead.  Call me a cocksucker!
You want me to call you a cocksucker?!
You're close, Crash, you want me to run you?  I'll run you!
You're in the wrong business, Jack--you're Sears-Roebuck material!
I didn't spit on you!
You spit on me!
You missed the tag!
No!  I said It was a cock-sucking call and you can't run me for that!
Did you call me a cocksucker?
It was a cocksucking call!
Don't bump me.
God damn It, Jack, he still ain't touched the plate.
You missed him!
I got him on the knee!
You too...Meat.
Nuke--  Good luck.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
It's the best, Nuke...the absolute fucking best.
Maybe you do.  Y'know I'm starting to like this game--baseball's a helluva good way to make a living.
I don't need a crazy woman in my life.
Well, I got Annie all warmed up for ya...  She's just waiting for you to show up, y'know...
I know.  I just like to see you get all worked up.
No.  Fear and arrogance, you, hayseed, not ignorance!
Fear and ignorance.
You will.  Look, Nuke--these Big League hitters are gonna light you up like a pin ball machine for awhile-- don't worry about it.  Be cocky and arrogant even when you're getting beat.  That's the secret.  You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
No.
I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon.  D'you understand that?
Forget it.
Sorry about last night.
If ya get in a fight with some asshole, never hit his with your pitching hand.  ya might get injured.  That's another lesson for ya--now quit fucking around and help me up.
What?
Good.  Good.  That's terrific...
My right.
Nuke...tell me something.  Did you hit me with your right or your left?
You know what the difference Is between hitting .250 and hitting .300?  1 got it figured out.  Twenty-five hits a year in 500 at bats is 50 points.  Okay?  There's 6 months in a season, that's about 25 weeks--you get one extra flare a week--just one--a gork, a ground ball with eyes, a dying quail-- just one more dying quail a week and you're in Yankee Stadium!
I'll take you back to the hotel.
Okay, I'll kick your ass there.
No.
Come over here into the light so I can kick your ass.
You're a great catcher.
Why are you a fuck?  'Cause you got talent.  I got brains.  But you got talent! You're God damn left arm is worth a million dollars a year.  All my limbs put together are worth 7 cents a pound--and that's for science and dog meat.
Why am I a fuck?
You fuck!
C'mon, we got nothin' to fight about.
God damn it, you fucking virgin prick--step outside.
I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you.  Let's have a drink and forget this--
C ' mon!
Settle what?
Let go of me!
I'm trying to thank you.
Then go.
I'm going to the Show.
Shut up.  I'm playing.  Oh you won't regret it, young girls don't forget it, lost in their own wilderness ...  But it's all so easy--Just try a little tenderness...
Club's expanding its roster to finish the season--
Hey, guys, I got a game to pitch.
Anybody says anything bad about Millie, I'll break his neck.
I'm nervous--my old man's here.
What's wrong?
You outta your mind?  If you give in now you might start losing.  Never fuck with a winning streak.
She's getting steamed 'cause I'm still re-channeling my sexual energy--maybe I should cave in and sleep with her once just to calm her down.  What'ya think?
Yep.  So how's Annie?
"...Good Lord willing, things'll work out."
Write, write--"I just wanta give It my best shot and, Good Lord willing, things'll work out."
Jesus.
Of course.  That's the point.  "I'm just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub."
Boring.
Write this down.  "We gotta play 'em one day at a time."
Learn your cliches.  Study them. Know them.  They're your friends.
What do I gotta do?
It's time you started working on your interviews.
I love winning, Crash, you hear me?  I love It.  Teach me everything.
Yep.  He really crushed that dinger, didn't he.  Musta gone 450 feet...damn...
You told him I was throwing a deuce, right?
You're the boss.
It'll keep the fear of God in the hitters.  Trust me.
Why?!  I'm finally throwin' the damn thing where I want to.
I want you to throw this one at the bat rack.
Hey, I'm cruisin', man--what're you doing out here?!
The moment's over.  If this guy starts me off with a breaking ball, I'm going downtown--
Can't you let me enjoy the moment?
Your fastball was up and your curveball was hanging--in the Show they woulda ripped you.
I was great, eh?
Annie's a smart lady.
Annie says her panties will keep one side of my brain occupied while I'm on the mound, thus keeping my brain slightly off center, which is where it should be for artists and pitchers.  She also said I should throw whatever pitches you call for.
I know, I know--I have that dream all the time.  We're almost home.
I was playing naked.
If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him.
What would you think of a pitcher who wore women's panties?
What?
Can I ask you something?
God--what a Big League move.
Party without me.
I won't have to.
If I get laid, you won't tell Annie?
Go for it.
You're weird, man--I want a ice skater real bad.
I just wanta play everyday despite small nagging injuries--and go home to a woman who appreciates how full of crap I truly am.
You're through with one night stands?!  What do you want?
By the dozen.  Holiday on Ice, Ice Capades, Ice Follies--  I'm through with one night stands.
"Naw"?  There's ice skaters coming! You ever made love to an ice skater?
Naw...
This is from Tony for the rainout. C'mon, man, let's go to the party.
God damn it I'm sick of you calling me "Meat"!  You wanta step outside!
You could be one of those guys-- but you don't give a fuck, Meat.
Yep.
You been in the Majors?
You don't need a quadraphonic Blaupunkt--you need a curve ball.  In the Show, everybody can hit the fastball.
I ain't pissing nothing away--I got a Porsche already.  A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt.
You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away.
A gift.  When you were a baby the gods reached down and turned your left arm into a thunderbolt.
What do I got?
'Cause you don't respect yourself, which is your problem, but you don't respect the game--and that's my problem.  You got a gift.
How come you don't like me?
Gimme that.
Oh she may get wooly, women do get wooly, because of all the stress...
I told him.
How?
He did know.
I'm having a blast.  God, that sucker teed off on it just like he knew I was gonna throw a fastball.
An' he scrambled the son of a bitch.  Having fun yet?
Well, I held it like an egg.
Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh?
Why's he always call me "Meat"? I'm the guy driving a Porsche.
Fastball.
Awright, meat, give him your heat.
But he ain't seen my heat--
"To announce your fucking presence with authority"?  This guy's a first ball fastball hitter.  He's looking for heat.
I wanta throw the heater to announce my presence with authority.
Why you shaking me off?
Shake off the pitch.  Throw what you wanta.
Fun?  What's he know about fun?  Why's he calling for a curveball? I wanta bring heat.
Don't think.
I thought I was--
Drive off your back leg.  You pitch with your legs as much as your arms-
Now, Nuke, would I do a thing like that?  Hey kids, this is the great Ebby Calvin "Nuke" LaLoosh.
Hey!  What're you guys doing here-- stealing my girl?
Crash, shut the door.
Yeah, Skip, you wanted to see me?
What're you thinking about out here, Nuke?
I don't know.  I haven't caught anything yet.
You can keep going to the ballpark and keep gettin' paid to do it.  Beats hell outta working at Sears.
And where can I go?
We want you to room with him on the road and stay on his case all year.  He can go all the way.
'Cause of Ebby Calvin LaLoosh.  The Big Club's got a hundred grand in him-
I'm too old for this shit.  Why the hell am I back in "A" ball?
The Crash Davis. ) And you, Larry Hockett, should recognize me 'cause five years ago in the Texas League when you were pitching for El Paso and I was hitting cleanup for Shreveport, you hung a curve on an 0-2 pitch of a 3-2 game in bottom of the 8th and I tattooed it over the Goodyear Tire sign, beat you 4-3-- and I got a free wheel alignment from Goodyear.
Crash Davis?
See ya at the yard, Meat.
Who you calling a "boy"?
It's a damn easy thing to play with.
She's playing with my mind.
Shut up--I like this song...  April in Paris, this is a feeling, No one can ever reprieve...
We fight, she gets the clown-- how's that happen?
C'mon, Meat.  You can't hit me 'cause you're starting to think about it already, you're starting to think how embarrassing it'll be to miss, how all these people would laugh.  C'mon, Rook--show me that million dollar arm 'cause I'm getting a good idea about the five cent head--
No way.
Throw it.  C'mon, right in the chest.
Don't try me.
From what I hear you couldn't hit a bull in the ass with a slingshot
I'd kill ya.
Hit me in the chest with this...
I ain't hitting a man first.
Take the first shot at me.
Pussy.
I don't believe in fighting.
Love to--
Step outside, pal.
If it makes you and mom feel better, go for it.  I gotta run--
We'll pray anyway.
Dad--if my curveball is hanging, God ain't gonna help me.
We'll be praying for you.
No.  If I screw up, I wanta do it alone.  I'll call.
I was thinking I could fly up and spend a week in the Big Leagues with you--help you get comfortable.
I gotta go now, Dad.
We're getting married.
Well tell 'em, honey.
You can do anything you want.  Hop in.
Can I give you my testimony?
No.
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?
Hi, Jimmy.  Want a ride?
I put in a word for you with the organization--told 'em I thought you'd make a fine minor league manager someday...Might be an opening at Salem next year--
Some kid hittin' .300 in Lynchburg ...probably a bust.
The organization wants to make a change...now that Nuke's gone they wanta bring up some young catcher...
Check it out.
It's a damn convention.
What the hell's going on out there?
Okay...
He said his chakras were jammed and he was breathing out of the wrong nostril.
Nuke's overthrowing tonight, he don't look loose.  Anything bothering him?
I'm getting too old for this game.
I heard he's wearing women's underwear--and he's breathing through his pingala nostril.
Jesus--what's got into Nuke?
...and one helluva guy.
Patkin was a tribute to baseball...
Look, guys--I'm a man, I got needs too.  I understand this party-- but...  sex is the one thing you can get further behind in and catch up faster than anything I know.  There's a baseball lesson in there somewhere.  Where's Crash?
It's a miracle.
Eight and twenty-four!  How'd we ever win 8 games?
Eight and twenty-four.
Eight and sixteen?!  How'd we ever win eight?  Jose, what's this sign?
We're eight and sixteen.
You guys lollygag the ball around the infield, ya lollygag you're- way to first, ya lollygag in an' outta the dugout.  You know what that makes ya  Lollygaggers.  What's our record, Larry?
Even if it's the Carolina League-- this is a chance to play everyday.
Sears sucks, Crash, I tried it once.  Sold Lady Kenmores--it's nasty, nasty work.
You been around, you're smart, you're professional, you know what it takes--  We want you to mature the kid.
But he ain't quite sure which plane he's on, y'know what I mean...
--we had the gun on him tonight-- the last five pitches he threw were faster than the first five. 96 miles an hour, 98, 97, 97. 97.   He's got the best young arm I've seen in 30 years.
He's got a million dollar arm and a five cent head.
I'm Joe Riggins.  Sit down
Ohyeah.  I shoulda throwed a slider.  Damn, Crash, how're ya?
League record.  And he hit the Radio Announcer, a Sportswriter, and the Bull Mascot twice--also league records--  Joe, the guy's got some serious shit.
Struck out eighteen...
It's a league record.
He walked eighteen?!
C'mon big 'un, you're okay...
Little high.
Better find our bonus baby, eh?
No.  The guy's professional debut and he forgets about it.
Ain't he warning up?
Where's Ebby?
Your breaking ball's getting better but ya need a change up.
I'm Nuke LaLoosh.  With the Bulls.
Ain't here.
Looking for Crash Davis.
Who ain't?
Jim looking for somebody.
What'you want, kid?
Don't tell him I told you--he'd break my neck.
He goes to a whorehouse every night?
Goddamn, that's great!  Jesus!  Listen, Crash don't like anybody to know it but--  Most nights he goes down to, you know, down to Niggertown.  To Sandy's...  the whorehouse.
They called me up to the Show and I wanta tell Crash goodbye.
Well, I'd rather not say.
Where does he go?
Crash ain't there.  He never gets back till four or five--
