Adonis, be polite. She's a friend.
Yew'll be ovah in the naxt tehn minutes...
I'm not going to worry about it. We are quite beyond the computer disc. Everything will be over within the next hour or so.
I don't know about you, guys, but I'm getting a little buzz off this.
Works for me.
Ayy!  Some cat's blocking the periscope.  Somebody, give it a swat...
Have we reached the epi-center?
It's okay. Let her go.
Oh Man, not the sewer, I just had this cape cleaned...
You have to dial nine first.
I still have to call my agent--my techno-single just made the hot 100...what's with the phone?
Do I have to remind everyone that in two days, we'll all be dead. The Cult of Good will be a memory. I don't want to hear about lawsuits or cereals. We have a secret mission...
Crowd always buys it. What do we got?
The crowd bought it.
Sorry, sir. The Cult is my life and my life is the Cult. By God, Captain God, I shall not fail you..
Hey, Hot Stuff. You're still on the clock...
Yeah, all those women who went feline this afternoon...They're so ashamed now..
You know, nobody likes you...
That's a good one, dude. He says we're going to kill you whether you tell us where the disc is or not.

Be verwy, verwy, quiet; I'm hunting Catwomen.
Ah, Cats. Now and Forever.
This looks promising...
I thought we were going to take it easy until the Mission...
Oops--my face must match my cape. And to think we were going to let you go...
Cactus, I can't believe you just said all that...
I lied.
I thought you said you weren't a very good liar.
We'll hunt him down together...
In many ways, that obnoxious creep Cactus was the worst one of all. He got off on giving out pain...
You're serious?  You'd help me...
It would be honor, Brock. Now let's go get this guy...
This ring belonged to my sister. I'd love for you to...
Somewhere very far away, very quiet, and very...  This is all wonderful, Selina, but...But I'm afraid I can not rest until all my sister's killers are brought to justice...That one-armed monster..
Oh now, you put up a good fight. Let's change the subject. Where do people who live in Oasisburg go to get away from it all?
A couple that battles the forces of evil together is a couple that stays together.  Thank you, Jeff.
Quite a pair we make. Thank you, Jeff.
I still can't get over it. I still can't believe you're Catwoman..
No-o. You know, questions like that don't help your cause--
You're telling the truth. I can tell..How did this..
Hmm. Not bad.
What did you say?  Selina, sit down, the entire city is going crazy...You have to just calm down...
Tonight, somewhere in the city, innocent people will die--but then one of you knows that; for one of you is a vicious pirate-terrorist posing as the beloved superhero Captain God.
Uh Brock, today you are without me...
Exactly. I don't know what I'd do without you.
At some sanctimonious celebration of condescension. Nothing like appeasing half the population with a two hour luncheon.
Fine. You're angry. Don't be. The important thing is we're together now..
I got home fine. How's the "warehouse."
Selina, did you make it home, all right?  I tried calling, but your mother said that there was "no extension in the Hut." Whatever that means..
I'm sure.
Are you sure?
Your warehouse?  Go on ahead--to your "warehouse." I'll be okay...
This is insane. Let the heroes handle it.  I'd better get you home...I should check on my warehouse to make sure it hasn't been hit...
Well, it's just that I would think that the woman who is the real, non- imitation Catwoman would be pretty angry at some little amateur minx stealing the whole whip idea. Really angry.
What's the matter?  What are you saying?
A whip?  Now that's going too far!  Some of these women have no shame!
No it's not.
What little boy doesn't...  My God...it's, it's...Catwoman.
I'm sorry I went off like that, I get passionate. I--I guess I'm a passionate person. One of those things I had forgotten.  When you were a little boy did you want to grow up to be a superhero?
So, did you see "Seinfeld" last week? That Kramer-guy really makes me laugh.
Stop. We are not having a "duality" conversation. "Ooh, he has a secret side.  Ooh, she has a dark side." Please.  Duality is a joke. You get one, do you understand me?  You get one life. One shot. I'm so tired of women saying "I have an inner strength" or "Deep down, I'm really ambitious." "One day I'll design my own line of clothing and write children's stories, if I can only remember to return the videos I rented last night." If you are something, then you better be out there doing something.  You need to be the same bold thing in the day that you are at night--with maybe a slight clothing change. There is no gray area. The truth is not somewhere in between. There are two sides to every personality, all right--the reality...and the lie. We are not having a "duality" conversation.
I despise these kind of winds. Sorry, I guess I'm a little on edge. Seems this Catwoman has everyone, men and women, on edge. Don't you feel Catwoman says something about the duality of all men and women...
You're very special. Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I feel very strongly about you...forgive me use of architecture metaphors, but I instantly know a good foundation when I see one..
I checked out your stuff at the library.  Awesome work, really. Why would someone like you want to go out with a...with a..what exactly am I, again?
Hey, hey, the client comes first. You think I want my future children to know their Daddy created Frank's Fun Palace?
Oh, it's superb--I mean if you like that fascist nightmare kind of thing...
What did you think?
You designed Gotham Plaza?  The big silver guys pulling on those big silver things...
I'm not afraid. Are you?
There's a nice cafe down the street...unless you're afraid of this Catwoman prowling around. We can always dine at the mansion, if..
But of course you are. Dinner at Eight.  Wouldn't miss it.
Kincaid got a little frisky last night...So, meet here at eight and go from there?  By the way, I'm Brock Leviathan.
How heroic of you...
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...Would you like to go to dinner? I know; a tame suggestion considering the wide variety of miniature golf possibilities available to the Oasisburg citizen--but nevertheless, would you?
You're probably right.
I'll bet the butler's name wasn't "Jeff."
Nothing, just a jolt of deja-vu. I think I went out with a guy with a dignified British butler--can't remember how it turned out..
What's the matter...
I wonder..
Strange--you seemed so close. I wonder what's happened since yesterday..
I don't know. I can't remember.
Ouch. I hope you're not offended by aggressively curious men.
Guilty. I am.
You say that like an amnesia victim.
I'll bet. Funny, for some reason, I don't think dogs are supposed to like me.
No, in art. I try not bring up women around Kincaid. It's a sore spot between us. Long story..
In women?
He likes you. Kincaid and I have always had similar tastes...
What little boy doesn't?
I guess we did. When you were a little boy, did you want to be a superhero?
But then we knew that all along, didn't we...
I've been looking for you.  Selina Kyle was right. One of us is a psychotic crusader.
I've been looking for you.
It may be time to get the police involved...
I can. That's not an admission of guilt,  It's just..I knew you had it in you...
Did you ever think that maybe neither of us is Captain God?
Quiet, Blender Boy. I told you from the beginning, Selina, I'm not a very good liar. I am not Captain God, or whatever else he may be calling himself this month, but when I find out who is--The Man will pay.  My sister died in that Museum attack. You can check the Atlanta obituaries. I've tracked these monsters from city to city, waiting for a time to exact my revenge. Why else would I come to Oasisburg and create the most obnoxious casino in the world?
We're waiting.
Your uniform, that first time I saw you, was a ghastly cage I vowed to unlock in order to..
You're right, I wasn't looking to fall in love with a casino worker. I'd given up trying to find anyone. But there was a fire in your eyes that cut right through the air conditioning and through the coldness of my heart.
But it's true!  You can call him yourself.
You're kidding.
Yes, did you call us here for any particular reason?
Selina, are you okay?
Oh, you don't have to explain to me where you're going...
I better go report this in...
I suppose she does.
She has reason to be suspicious..Doesn't she?
A bit on the suspicious side, don't you think?
She has a real spirit.
Selina Kyle...lovely person.
They do take their time. So..Selina Kyle...
Women, huh?
Can I just say what a classy touch the neon urinals are, Mr. Architect?  I just love risking electrocution every time I..
Oh, how long have you had your own route?
There you are darling...Have we met, Lewis Lane, Oasisburg Times.
Oh come on, Cactus, be a man!  The blimp is still on schedule, right?
Catwomen. Lots of them!
Wha-at?
God, can you hear me!
Just hold on!  I'm not done. There are two kinds of men in the world, Selina. In Category A, you have Me. In Category B is everyone who wants to be in Category A, but are too afraid, too weak..!
Boss, we better roll if we're going to hit this place, blow it up, and make that flight..
Don't you feel so much better now that you know everything?  Blink once for yes, twice for..
Priceless...We have a showdown in this alley, right?
Hey, speaking of Wrong Place, Wrong Time.  Lewis Lane to the rescue!
You've lost all motor functions. The poison will kill you in ten minutes.
What about "climbing in?"
The "skylight?" Fool!  It's too high for anybody to climb out the damn skylight...
Even the skylight?
Don't you realize there's nothing you can do, anyway!  Nine minutes and it's all over!  The Fun Palace is a tomb. No one can get out. And choke on this furball: all doors and windows are blocked, locked, and electrified!  Even the glass around the bomb is rigged.
Well then, let's agree to disagree...Now how about a picture for my scrapbook?
You might be right, but Fun is overrated.  I need something real.
Will you please stop fighting?  Just let those people die so we can get on with our new lives together!  Trust me, one day we'll look back on this day and laugh. You got to admit, it's a lot more fun to be the villain.
I know, I know, a Warrior. You're very annoying..Now tell me how to defuse the bomb you've set..
You were right all along--the two parts to a person are the reality and the lie.  I was making good money as a top architect--but that's not who I am. I'm not an architect, I'm a..
Pass!
I've been thinking. I've been thinking about us. I'm sorry I've been so hard no you these past couple days. I realize now it's because you're the only woman who ever understood me and I couldn't handle it!  I've never revealed myself to anyone the way I have to you. Let's blow this town together.  We'll run a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont by day, and by night, we'll dress up and kill anything that...
Oh Honey, it's so much better when we do it without the helmet.
My dog!
At this point, a nap. Oh by the way, I killed your butler and your dog..
What do you want from me?
Winning.
I thought cats were supposed to have nine lives, not thirty one!  What do you think you're doing?
Touchy. Look everybody, it's Casper, the friendly crimefighter...
Cactus, sometimes you don't deserve to wear our logo.
Yeah, this is better than rape.
Resting Up?  Sorry Spooky, I've got to go with God on this one. I hate to think we're just in this for the money.  Garfield's girlfriend crossed a line last night and she's got to get spayed. We're going out of Oasisburg on a win.
Not now, Mammoth. Adonis is right. We've had a good run here--the protection kickbacks from the crime syndicates, the merchandising scams-- Tomorrow night we have a big, violent, complicated and lucrative mission to pull off. We chould be resting up.
Ooh, I've read about this philly. She's the one who gave that wimp Batman all those migraines up in Gotham...
What's the catch?
He didn't remember to roll up his window...
"Dat's gotta hurt!"
I hate innocent bystanders.  Whine, whine, whine. Will he settle?
The shopkeeper on 13th street won't drop the lawsuit--He still claims one of the lasers we fired at the Jenkins gang burned down his store..
I'll put that in the report--after you shoot her.
My, the Perpetrator seems to be a bit on the "Wild" side..
Absolutely.
Car wash, Captain?
I got her...
Quite a little performance you gave in the casino today--for me and that other guy. Come on down, let's chat..
Yeah...pretty gross. Hurry, we've got work to do.
Ah, did you hear that?  Spooky loved you...
I know how you feel, humiliated in the hands of a woman. I'd rather eat my soul on a paper plate...
Sorry man, I didn't mean that personally...
What did you say?
God-damn..
How could I forget. Mammoth--go pet the kitty.
I don't know, Boss, you saw what the big guy did to the last kitty we gave him.
Why am I still troubled...
Right time. That was kind of fun. She had spunk.
I don't know what I was saying. I totally phoned it in last night. I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately...
Boss-man, what were you going on about last night: "I am the Law and I am the Danish..."
Well. I stand corrected.
That is not a man, Captain God. That is Vomit accidentally born with two legs.
Cactus--shooting a man in the back is not very noble.
"Well done," Cactus.
What a "drag."
I know.
I loved you.
Of course it matters!  It throws off everything!  "Superhero" is manhood's highest achievement. Manhood!  Your dirty little secret has diseased us to the core. You were my buddy, my comrade-- women aren't buddies, women aren't warriors!  You tried to turn the Cult of Good into some after-work softball team!  It's time to get thrown from the treehouse...
Why are you--I fought for you with honor.  Why should it matter if I'm a man or a woman, as long as I'm a good warrior.
Just like a woman. You want out. You're out.
I want out of tonight's mission. I can't do it anymore, Captain. I can't let innocent people die to prove our superiority..I can't.
What's the matter with you, Spooky, my most trusted comrade?  We are warriors!  These are the challenges we live for!
I hate it when you get like this. This Catwoman is becoming an obsession. I say we call it a night. Tomorrow is a big day for us...
The Tranquilizer Tranquility will hold for about an hour..where is she? These women are out here on a lark-- Ladies Night at a discotheque.  It's not in their blood the way it is for Catwoman...Where is she?
Oh, I like her. I like her a lot. I want to save this one for later. Something that tasty you don't eat all at once. Go back to your alter- egos, we'll regroup in the morning.
You like them, don't you, Boss.
Just a homeless woman. Wrong place.
Well, you don't see that everyday. Somebody tell me what's the deal with Frida Kahlo here?
A bit sadistic, don't you think, Captain...?
Well, we spent enough time building the damn thing, might as well use it.
Now he'll be up all night...
Oh, I wish they wouldn't feed him like that.
You can't get away with..
Ah, the good guys always triumph in the end. It's what allows our children to sleep at night.
Do you have any idea how much superheroes get paid?  Zilcho. Urban vigilantes with secret identities operating outside the law. Not exactly the stuff of a W-2 form.  If it wasn't for merchandising and corruption and these diabolical "missions"...There is no such thing as heroes and villains, anymore, Selina.  There are only winners and losers. You lost. We won.
I'm supposed to be taking personality tips from you three?  You people were once heroes. You had ideals.  You fought for things.  Spooky told me so...
I know, I should probably tell you, but I just don't feel like it. To be honest, I'm really angry at you. I admired you so much more when you were purely wicked. I mean, look at you now, running around trying to "get to the bottom" of things. Trying to "save the city." It's true we're about to do a very nasty deed, but really, what's it to you?  Since when do you care what happens to a bunch of pathetic Oasiburgians? You're just not yourself, anymore.
How can you say things with such feeling and then turn around and put on a helmet and...Who are you?  Were you sitting on my right or my left at the card table?  Tell me!  Please tell me who you are; you own me that!
You've seen me...
You think so?...Selina?
I still have one left...
Yes. I am the reporter or the architect.  You've been through so much..It looks like you've used up all nine of your lives...
Oh please, sir, one more. Are you the reporter or the architect?
My, those little ears pick up a lot. The Cult of Good will die heroically preventing a world-class heist. Since we will be the ones performing the heist, our deaths will obviously be fake. But have no fear. There will be many other deaths tomorrow...and those will be quite real. I'm afraid these questions of yours put you in a position not unlike a long-tailed tabby in room full of rocking chairs.
"A superhero's job is to protect.." Sorry, I can't take you seriously...I overheard you say that tomorrow the Cult of Good will be dead--I should be so lucky--what did that mean?
A superhero's job is to protect society.  Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke.
It's a lot more fun than fighting violence with pamphlets. That voicebox of yours is a hoot. Say "I'm wearing no underwear"--it'll be funny..  You do know you're evil, don't you?
Hasn't anyone ever taught you that fighting violence with violence solves nothing.
And...your point?
You're not a super-hero. You're not even a hero. You're a scary, sick, fake who made a big mistake. You killed someone very special to me..
Hello, Rachel. I'm Selina.
You know, my name's not Spooky. It's, it's Rachel.
"Save the City?" I don't want to save the city, I want to move!  Listen, I'm sure the computer disc is pretty fascinating and I can't thank you enough for the little weird gold thingie, but..
The Mission is happening tonight..It's up to you to...to save the City...
Oh no, not a computer disc. A computer disc?  Oh man, come on, what do I look like?  I'm not a crime- fighter, I'm not a detective, what, I'm supposed to find some "clues" on this disc. I can't...
And I...I..want you to know our secrets..
For when the..Uh, yeah, thanks, a little gold piece of...gold. Uh...
For when the time comes..
Men, huh?
I heard what you said, Spooky. I can't believe he shot you...
You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you..
Can't you understand--I got tired of being a woman. I wanted the respect that only a cape, boots, chestplate, and a mechanical spear can bring..
Whatever you say...Sis.
I don't want to hurt you, Catwoman. Yet.  After tomorrow, you can do anything you want, but please, just stay out of sight for the next 24 hours. I won't stand by and watch my leader get all emotional over an animal like you. I warn you, don't tempt Captain God when he is angry. Let is complete our mission in peace.
Hello, Spooky.
Spear.
Spooky.
Ask me another one--
What's the name of your child's best friend?
How did you know our nanny's name is...Lucky guess!
You mean, "Consuela" is a good mother..
I'm a good mother!
Did you just say "girls?"
You Career girls have no idea what we go through.
You Housewives have no idea what we go through!
Kelly, get to work on those new uniforms.  I'm not running a summer camp here..
What if I were to say "Your Wife"-- as in does she know of your touching mentor-student relationship with the post-Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel?
What if I were to say "You're Fired?"
Oh Frank, I'm not anti-male, I'm anti- you. Believe me, there's a difference.  Kelly is designing new uniforms for next week. Pay her and thank her. And is it a rule that the hottest places on the planet have the coldest air conditioning.  There's something out there called 73 degrees, look into it.
Hey, you're anti-male.
Can I be frank, Frank?  Your entire existence is sexual harassment. I accept there's not much you can do about it.
Oh, what?  I offer you a job in implied exchange for physical favors and suddenly it's "sexual harassment..."
Stop.
There you are, Selina. I've been thinking..I have some.."positions" opening up..
Yeah, as in born before..Ooh, I suppose it's "sexual harassment" to give a woman a compliment. Sheesh. Come on, gentleman...
"Pre-bicentennial babe?"
You know, Kyle, you're still pretty hot for a pre-Bicentennial babe...
What's the good news?
You're late. I've got some good news and some good news. I'm giving you more hours and the new uniforms came in.
I'll let you know.
We have to do something. What can we do to help, Selina?
Have you seen the Oasisburg Police? They drive golf carts with little red sirens.
Okay. Let's get serious. Of course I know the Cult of Good is not good. Ever since I saw what they did in Atlanta, it has been my mission to expose them. I've followed them to Oasisburg and soon will have enough hard evidence to bring them to real justice. That computer disc could be the final piece to the puzzle. This isn't just a story, Selina--another damn Pulitzer--this is my life.
You know, now that I hear myself tell it, I'm thinking maybe both of you are messing with me. What, you get the Helmet Monday through Thursday, then Brock takes it for the weekend...
Then there's you, Louis, sneaking through back alleys and surprise visiting me at my home..Both of you have been way too frisky from the get- go. I'm actually a pretty amazing person--funny, smart, attractive when I get my sleep--but you two had no way of knowing that-- when I met you both I was basically a morose, depressed amnesiac incapable of any human feeling. The only reason one of you wanted to go out with me is because you knew I was Catwoman.
Not too cool...
Lose the smile, Mr. Good Reflexes. We were having a pretty okay time the other night--good food, good conversation--some Catwomen show up and it's "You need cab fare?; I got to go to my Hideout--Oh, I'm sorry, I mean "warehouse."
Fine, fine, at a later date, I'll be more than happy to talk about my perverse psychological complexities with the one who's not the creep. But for now, I'm drilling inside your brains...I bring up the whole Catwoman thing for one reason.  I bit Captain God in the hand and the next day you both show up equipped with big bandaids and wobbly excuses--  "My grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender.."
Some reporter I am..all this time my story is right there in front..I have a lot of questions.
I'm not through. This will come as a shock. Again, to one of you. I am Catwoman. The Catwoman.
Hey, architect--she's joking. Right, Selina?  Selina?
Uh-huh..
You are...
You can't figure me out. You're the strange one..
I give up. I give up.--I can't figure you out. Not gonna try.
You're scaring me, Selina.  Do it some more.
Go together?  Sure, why not?  Another date with someone who could be an insane messenger of death for all I know. No offense. Hey, lean over, let me smell your breath..Say in a deep voice, "A superhero's job is to protect..."
I'm afraid last night was the last straw of our city's tourists. The Mayor, in his finite wisdom, is throwing a "Month of the Woman" luncheon ball for the public this afternoon to try and calm everyone down. I thought maybe you and I could...
Hey, I thought...
I was doing my job. At the risk of sounding egotistical, I didn't become the best reporter in the world sitting by the phone. I was chasing tail all night--I was not spying, intentionally, on your hot and heavy date with "Brock Leviathan, architect."  I can't believe he ordered white wine.  You do know white wine is not real wine...
I said I saw you last night. What were you doing hiding in that alley, running off when the superhero alarm sounded...
I'm having a hard time picking up your signal this morning--What did you say?
Like you don't know...
About the same. Thanks for asking...Damn blender.  Okay, I can't stand it anymore, I'm dying to know--Did you try on some whiskers last night and hit a 7-11 along with all those other women? You had to have thought about it--a Catwoman for a night?
Nothing. How's your hand?
What?
Did you try to kill...
Actually, yes.
Oh, do you turn around every time somebody just shouts at you?
Yes, you shouted the words "Captain God" at me for no reason...
You turned around!
What did--?
Hey, Captain God!
I thought you'd like a ride to work.  You don't own a cat, do you?
Next time, call...
Well. I'd let you come in, but the place is a mess...
No, of course not. You're listed. Not the hut, exactly, but the rest of..
Ah!  You scared me!  How did you know to come here!  Have you been spying..
Good morning.
Ah!  Ah!--God no, don't tell me you're one of those women who are attracted to ruggedly handsome and brilliant architects..
I am. Dinner with Brock Leviathan...
I was wondering, if you're not doing anything tonight...
But of course you are.
Oh the hand--my grandfather is inventing a new kind of blender and..You know, I realize I've never officially introduced myself...I'm Lewis Lane.
Oh now this one is mine...
Enough.
How much?
I actually got some memory back last night.
Sorry, I get carried away. Once I become interested in someone, I can't stop trying to figure them out...Amnesia victims are challenging..
Most articles focus on the first half of her name--describing some feline monster.  I want the woman of Catwoman. After all, if it was a man dressed as a cat, the story would be on page 23--just another loony. Oh, I want this one. I want her bad..
Yeah, she's okay.
What is it with women and Catwoman? Men have the courtesy to punish the weak, but women love punishing the strong. Don't get me wrong--this Catwoman is a terrifying, subversive menace to everything this community stands for and she must be stopped. It's just, I like her a lot.
I don't know what came over me.
Uh. "Thanks?"
A genuine woman of mystery in Oasisburg.  Amnesia. Bulletholes in exposed stomach badly concealed with body make-up.  Beautiful, intelligent eyes that have no business in "Frank's Fun Palace" or anybody else's Fun Palace for that matter..
"I'll go out with you." Now go get me these old newspapers...
Okay, deal.
What if I say I'll go out with you, so you can have all these great daydreams, but then never actually talk to you again?
It's seeing-eye dogs, ma'am. If I let the cat stay, will you go out with me?
But I'm blind.
I'm sorry, ma'am, there are no pets allowed in the library...
Trust me, you won't have to.
I don't know if I can do it alone.
Do you always listen to what your mother says?  Selina. Something you choose your life. Sometimes your life chooses you.  Save the day..
But I'm not a hero. I'm nobody's heroine..I'm nothing. You've said so yourself many times.
Yes, you do. You have to go rescue all those people...
Mom, not now!  I, I don't know what to do..
I hate it when you let your hair just hang like that...you have such pretty eyes...
They're going to attack Frank's Fun Palace!
Yes, I'm pretty amazing. You should see this...It came this evening.
I never thanked you..the arrow..the motorcycle..the computer disc..You're so different from what I..and so the same.
What kind of name is "Brock Leviathan?"
Mom?  Oh Mom, I messed up...
It's because I didn't come in. I live in the Hut, now. I meant to tell you..See ya.
Where were you last night?  I didn't hear you come in.
Because she asked me--and I couldn't very well turn her down. Don't you remember-- of course you don't remember--that "Hag" is the one who brought you to that hospital in Gotham City. For what it's worth-- currently not much--we owe her your life...When I think about a single woman in Gotham City--amnesia is probably the best thing that could happen to a girl like you...Oh, don't forget your visor.
Uh, it's just--that woman out there-- that horrible Hag. She's the one who keeps following me on her creepy little scooter--And now she's built a hut in the back..Why did you...
Don't sneak up on me...
Oh, so now even the keepers of the city don't meet your standards...You're late.
I'll take your abuse, but it's way too early for the sanctimonious Cult of Gag...
Pretty good...Mom, I don't want you to think I don't appreciate...letting me stay, getting me the job--I've been a mess. I'm still a mess. It's just...we have to start having a different conversation. I can't take..
It's funny, I've heard of giving up finding a man and raising a family to pursue a career. And I've heard of foregoing a career to start a family-- but I think you're onto something new, Selina. "Absolutely nothing"-- Has a ring to it. I think it could catch on...How's that for sarcasm?
Maybe.
Is every single thing out of your mouth since your "accident" have to be a monotone mumble of cheap sarcasm?
Oh Mommy, you're embarrassing me.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, you're on a diet...The fact you're still reasonably pretty is the one thing you got going for you.
A hearty breakfast is the start of a great morning...
Yes, Mother. Dear.
You're late.
Thanks.
Nice breasts.
You going to talk all day?
You're the One. I thought I told you to stay hidden behind the couch, CAT! You've torn the unit apart.  You've driven a great leader insane...
The kicks..the rush..you mean, like pulling heists..faking your own deaths..killing innocent bystanders...like Mexican angels.  I know you're a woman. Do you?
I'm not sad, no, I owe the Captain my life. It's just you think you want to help prevent crime, but you realize that's too complicated. It's a lot more fun to punish crime. Then after a while, you don't care what's a crime and what's not, what you became a Warrior for. You just want the kicks. The rush.
You seem sad, Spooky.
We met on the Internet. The Captain put out a cryptic message calling for a new order of crimefighters. We don't even know each other's true identities...
What's it like being a superhero?  It must be frightfully exciting..How did you guys all get together?
Oh pooh, come now. If you turn me down, I just might throw a fit..you know how us girls can be..
I'm sorry, Miss, one of us needs to keep surveillance...
What's a powerful man like you standing all alone for?  Dance with me?
