Long time, is right. I don't remember them days too horrorshow. Don't call me Dim no more, either. Officer, call me.
I just don't get this all. It was them that went for me, brothers. You're not on their side and can't be. You can't be Dim. It was someone we fillied with back in the old days... Trying to get his own malenky bit of revenge after all this time. You remember, Dim?
Been cured, yeah, that was read out to us. The Inspector read all that out to us. He said it was a very good way.
I've been cured.
Been punished, yeah?
Come, come, my little droogies. I just don't get this at all. The old days are dead and gone. For what I did in the past I've been punished.
Come on, Alex. Come for walkies. Hahahahaha.
Impossible... I don't believe it.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, if it isn't little Alex. Long time no viddy, droog. How goes? Surprised are you?
You bastards... bastards.
One minoota, droogie. Dim smashes Alex in the face with a full milk bottle. He goes down. The others run away, laughing.
Lets get things nice and sparkling clear. This sarcasm, if I may call it such, does not become you, O my brothers. As I am your droog and leader, I am entitled to know what goes on, eh? Now then, Dim, what does that great big horsy gape of a grin portend?
Sorry about the pain. Using the gulliver to much like, eh? Giving orders and disciplining and that perhaps, eh? You sure the pain's gone? You sure you'll not be happier back up in bed.
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit? Georgie rises.
He are here! He have arrived! Hooray!
Doobidoob... a bit tired maybe, everybody is. A long night for growing malchicks... best not to say more. Bedways is rigthways now, so best we go homeways and get a bit of spatchka. Right, right.
A nozh scrap any time you say. Dim weakens.
Yarbles, great bolshy yarblockos to you I'll meet you with chain, or nozh or britva, any time, not having you aiming tolchocks at me reasonless. It stands to reason, I won't have it.
Watch that... Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish.
I don't like you should do what you done. And I'm not your brother no more and wouldn't want to be.
For being a bastard with no manners and not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself publicwise, O my Brother.
What did you do that for?
There was some sophistos from the TV studios around the corner, laughing an govoreeting. The Devotchka was smecking away, and not caring about the wicked world one bit. Then the disc on the stereo twanged off and out, and in the short silence before the next one came on, she suddenly came with a burst of singing, and it was like for a moment, O my brothers, some great bird had flown into the milkbar and I felt all the malenky little hairs on my plott standing endwise, athe shivers crawling up like slow malenky lizards and then down again. Because I knew what she sang. It was a bit from the glorious 9th, by Ludwig van. Dim makes a lip-trump followed by a dog howl, followed by two fingers pronging twice in the air, followed by a clowny guffaw. Alex brings his stick down smartly on Dim's legs.
Pardon me. Luce. He raises glass to breast, pulls red handle between her legs. Milk spurts into glass. Dim joins the others. Alex looks at a party of tourists.
We've been working hard too. Takes glass.
Hello Lucy, had a busy night? Puts money in machine.
No, no my boy. No trouble at all. Alex slowly sits.
Look, sir. I'm sorry to have troubled you. I think I ought to be going, sir. Julian bars the way.
Julian. This will be these people now. Alex gets up.
They're very, very important people and they're interested in you. Bell rings. Julian rises,
Who are they, sir?
Help you.
Help me, sir?
Yes. They want to help.
Phoned some friends, sir?
And now you, another victim of the modern age. But you can be helped. I phoned some friends while you were having a bath.
She was very badly raped, you see. We were assaulted by a gang of vicious young hooligans in this house, in this very room you're sitting in now. I was left a helpless cripple. The doctors said it was Pneumonia, because it happened some months later during the 'flu epidemic. The doctors told me it was Pneumonia, but I knew what it was. A victim of the modern age, poor, poor girl. Suddenly his mood changes. He wheels right up to Alex.
I'm sorry to hear about that, sir. His face contorted in rage.
No. She's dead!
Your wife, sir? Has she gone away?
... used to do everything for me and leave me to my writing.
My wife... Alex freezes.
Thank you, sir.
I'm so pleased you appreciate good wine. Have another glass!
And you, sir?
No, my health doesn't allow it.
Won't you join me, sir?
Thank you very much, sir. Cheers Suddenly the thought occurs to Alex that the wine may be drugged or poisoned.
Try the wine!
Great, sir. Great.
Of course. Food alright?
It was very kind of you to leave this out for me, sir. There was no-one around when I finished my bath, so I started. I hope that's alright, sir.
Good evening.
Good evening, sir.
Then, by God, you have been sent here by providence. Tortured in prison, then thrown out to be tortured by the Police. My heart goes out to you, poor, poor boy. Oh, you are not the first to come here in distress. The Police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you, who are also another kind of victim, should come here. But you're cold and shivering. Julian, draw a bath for this young man.
Yes, sir, that's exactly who I am, sir... and what I am... a victim, sir. Mr. Alexander becomes frenzied as the speech progresses.
I know who you are! Isn't it your picture in the newspapers? Didn't I see you this morning on the video? Are you not the poor victim of this horrible new technique?
The police... The horrible ghastly Police. They beat me up, sir. The Police beat me up, sir. Mr. Alexander stares at him. It becomes apparent he is insane.
Dear, dear, dear. Whatever happened to you, my boy? Mr. Alexander, now confined to a wheelchair, pushes himself away from his desk, and rolls up to Julian. The water drips off Alex's clothes. They look at each other.
Cut the shit, sonny, and get out of here before you get yourself in some very serious trouble. He rocks the giant phallus which has a special weight swinging inside causing it to swing up and down an eccentric motion.
You see, madam, I am part of an international student's contest to see who can get the most points for selling magazines.
No! No! Don't touch it. That's a very important work of art. What the bloody hell do you want?
Naughty, naughty, naughty, you filthy old soomaka.
Now listen here, you little bastard, just you turn around and walk out of here the same way as you came in. Alex eyes a giant white, fibreglass phallic sculpture on the table beside him.
Our brief govereet thru the letter hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
What the bloody hell d'you think you're doing?
Hi, hi, hi there, at last we meet.
Very well, madam. I suppose you can't be blamed for being suspicious with so many scoundrels and rouges of the night about. Alex walks away from door, then ducks into the bushes where the others are hiding. They put on their maskies and follow Alex round to the rear of the house.
I... I'm very sorry, but I never open. I'm very sorry but I never open the door to strangers after dark.
But, missus, this is an emergency. It's a matter of life and death. Me friend's lying in the middle of the road bleeding to death.
I'm frightfully sorry. There is a telephone in the Public House about a mile down the road. I suggest you use that.
Excuse me, missus, can you please help? There's been a terrible accident. Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?
Yes, sir. Rubinstein takes out a notebook.
Well, shall we get down to it?
What would you like to know, sir?
But first we'd like to find out a few things about you.
Thank you very much, sir.
Well, as I've said, we've heard about you. We are interested in your case. We want to help you.
Fine, sir, fine.
Feel like talking to us. Answering a few questions?
Much better, thank you, sir.
Hahaha, and how are you feeling now?
Yes, sir. I suppose you might call it that, sir.
I understand that you had a rather unfortunate encounter with the Police tonight.
Very kind of you, sir. Thank you very much.
Missus. Very pleased to meet you.
Hullo.
How do you do, sir?
So this is the young man?
Sorry, Em, I wanted it to be like... a big surprise for you and pee.
Why didn't you let us know what was happening, son?
Hullo love, how are you?  Nice to see you, Dad.
Alex.
Hi. Hi. Hi, there my Pee and Em. All three look up startled.
Alright, Mum... have a nice day at the factory.
Eeee... I'll put your breakfast in the oven. I've got to be off myself now.
I've got to rest, Mum... got to get fit, otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.
You've not been to school all week, son.
Bit of pain in the gulliver, Mum. Leave us be and I'll try to sleep it off... then I'll be as right as dodgers for this after.
It's past eight, Alex, you don't want to be late for school, son.
It will be your own torture. I hope to God it will torture you to madness.
You try to frighten me, sir, admit so, sir. This is some new form of torture. Say it, brother, sir.
I've just come back from the hospital. Your victim has died.
Not true, sir. It was only a slight tolchock. She was breathing, I swear it.
You are now a murderer, little Alex. A murderer, yes.
As an unmuddied lake, sir. Clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, sir. Deltoid drinks again but this time sees the teeth in the glass. He groans and retches.
That's just worries me. A bit too long to long to be reasonable. You're about due now by my reckoning, that's why I'm warning you, little Alex, to keep your handsome young proboscis out of the dirt. Do I make myself clear?
Nobody's got anything on me, brother, sir. I've been out of the rookers of the milicents for a long time now.
What gets into you all? We study the problem. We've been studying it for damn well near a century, yes, but we get no further with our studies. You've got a good home here, good loving parents, you've got not too bad of a brain. Is it some devil that crawls inside of you?
Cut out all this clever talk about milicents. Just because the Police haven't picked you up lately doesn't, as you very well know, mean that you've not been up to some nastiness. There was a bit of a nastiness last night, yes. Some very extreme nastiness, yes. A few of a certain Billyboy's friends were ambluenced off late last night, yes. Your name was mentioned, the word's got thru to me by the usual channels. Certain friends of yours were named also. Oh, nobody can prove anything about anybody as usual, but I'm warning you, little Alex, being a good friend to you as always, the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself. Deltoid makes a grab for Alex's joint but finds his hand instead. Alex laughs. Derisively and rises. Deltoid distractedly reaches for a glass of water on the night table, and fails to notice a set of false teeth soaking in them. He drinks from the glass. The clink of the teeth sounding like ice-cubes.
I've been doing nothing I shouldn't, sir. The millicents have nothing on me, brother, sir, I mean. Deltoid pulls Alex down on the bed.
A big black mark I tell you for every one we don't reclaim. A confession of failure for every one of you who ends up in the stripy hole.
Because next time it's going to be the barry place and all my work ruined. If you've no respect for your horrible self, you at least might have some for me who'se sweated over you. He slaps Alex on the knee.
Well, yes, it's just a manner of speech from your Post Corrective Advisor to you that you watch out, little Alex. He puts his arm round Alex's shoulder.
Just a manner of speech, sir.
Wrong? Why should you think of anything being wrong, have you been doing something you shouldn't. Yes? He shakes Alex's hair.
To what do I owe this extreme pleasure, sir? Anything wrong, sir? Deltoid "playfully" grabs Alex's hair.
No time, no time, yes. Sit, sit, sit. Alex sits next to him.
A cup of the old chai, sir?
Oh, or certainly by this evening, yes? The evening's a great time, isn't it, Alex boy?
A rather intolerable pain in the head, brother, sir. I think it should be clear by this afterlunch.
Ah, Alex boy, awake at last, yes? I met your mother on the way to work, yes? She gave me the key. She said something about a pain somewhere... hence not at school , yes?
Well done, Frank. Julian, get the car, will you please?
Um... well, put it this way... I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future, and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. He pitches forward, face into the plate of spaghetti.
Do you still feel suicidal?
Um... oh no, sir, not exactly, I still feel very miserable, very much down in spirits.
Do you feel that way now?
Snuff it, sir... um... death, I mean, missus... Er... I just want to die peacefully like with no... pain.
I beg your pardon?
That is correct, sir. And then all I can think about is like trying to snuff it.
When you say this funny feeling, you mean the state of mind brought on by the treatment they gave you?
That's right. Er... I can't listen to the 9th any more at all. When I hear the 9th, I get like this funny feeling.
You mean Beethoven's 9th Symphony?
Oh well, it's... it's not all music you see, Missus. It's just the 9th.
So now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence?
And it just so happened that while they were showing me a particularly bad film, of like a concentration camp, the background music was playing Beethoven.
It's alright, thank you.
Well, er, I think that was something that they hadn't planned for, you see, Missus, I'm very fond of music and always have been, especially Beethoven, Ludwig van... Beethoven. B... E... E... He leans over and looks at her writing in notebook.
The newspapers mentioned that in addition to your being conditioned against acts of sex and violence, you've inadvertently been conditioned against music.
Tell me more, Georgie Boy.
It's this Health Farm. A bit out of the town. Isolated. It's owned by this like very rich ptitsa who lives there with her cats. The place is shut down for a week and she's completely on her own, and it's full up with like gold and silver and like jewels.
Come, come, come, Georgie Boy. You're a big strong chelloveck like us all. We're not little children, are we, Georgie Boy? What, then, didst thou in thy mind have? Confrontation. Georgie backs down.
Not tonight - not this nochy.
Oh, the old moloko-plus first, would you not say
Good. Real horrorshow. Initiative comes to them as waits. I've taught you much, my little droogies. Now tell me what you have in mind, Georgie Boy.
Brother, you think and talk sometimes like a little child. Tonight we pull a mansize crast.
And what will you do with the big, big, money? Have you not everything you need? If you need a motor-car, you pluck it from the trees. If you need pretty polly, you take it.
Well, we go round shop crasting and the like, coming out with a pitiful rookerful of money each.
New way? What's this about a new way? There's been some very large talk behind my sleeping back, and no error. Let me hear more.
All right, no more picking on Dim, brother. That's part of the new way.
Appy polly loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for awakening.
We got worried. There we were waiting and drinking away at the old knify Moloko and you had not turned up and we thought you might have been like offended by something or other, so around we come to your abode.
Thank you, Fred. Thank you. Minister turns and signals. Door opens and a crowd of cameramen and reporters rush in. Aides push two 6-foot loudspeakers and a Hi-Fi on a trolley.
One I think you will like... as a, how shall I put it, as a symbol of our new understanding. An understanding between two friends.
Surprise?
Good... good boy. Oh yes, I understand you're fond of music. I have arranged a little surprise for you.
As an unmuddied lake, Fred. As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, Fred.
My name is Frederick. As I was saying, Alex, you can be instrumental in changing the public verdict. Do you understand, Alex? Have I made myself clear?
Certainly, sir. What do they call you at home?
Mmmm, possibly. Yes. But public opinion has a way of changing and you, Alex, if I may call you, Alex?
Well, who can blame them, sir?
We always help our friends, don't we?  It is no secret that the Government has lost a lot of popularity because of you, my boy. There are some that think that at the next election we shall be out. The press has chosen to take a very unfavourable view of what we tried to do.
Helping you, sir?
You must have an interesting job at a salary which you would regard as adequate. Not only for the job which you are going to do and in compensation for what you believe you have suffered, but also because you are helping us.
What job and how much?
We put him away where he can do you no harm. You see we are looking after your interests. We are interested in you, and when you leave here you will have no further worries. We shall see to everything... a good job on a good salary.
Where is he now, sir?
I can tell you that I... and the Government of which I am a member are deeply sorry about this, my boy. Deeply sorry. We tried to help you. We followed recommendations had been made to us that turned out to be wrong. An enquiry will place the responsibility where it belongs. We want you to regard us as friends. We've put you right, you're the best of treatments. We never wished you harm, but there are some that did and do, and I think you know who those are. There are certain people who wanted to use you for political ends. People who would have been glad to have you dead because then they would have been able to blame it all on the Government. I think you know who those are. There is also a certain man - a writer of subversive literature - who has been howling for your blood. He's been mad with desire to stick a knife into you, but you're safe from him now, we've put him away. He found out that you had done wrong to him - at least he believed you had done wrong. He had formed this idea in his head that you h
Thank you, sir.
Yes I can... Oh look, let me do that for you, shall I?
I've suffered the tortures of the damned. The tortures of the damned, sir.
Yes... well good to see you on the mend. I've kept in constant touch with the hospital, of course, and now I've come to see you personally to see how you're getting along.
Yes, sir, and a very lovely place it is too, sir, when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain.
Hi, hi, hi there, my little droogies.
Good evening, my boy.
Fine. Absolutely fine. You see, Ladies and Gentlemen our subject is, you see, impelled towards good by paradoxically being impelled toward evil. The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress. To counter these, the subject has to switch to a diametrically opposed attitude. Any questions? Priest rises and moves to Alex.
Was I alright, sir? Did I do well, sir?
Good.
No, sir, I feel really great.
Not feeling too bad now are you?
Thank you very much. Thank you my dear. Girl bows and exits to loud applause.
She came towards me with the light like it was the like light of heavenly grace, and the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I would like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out, real savage. But quick as a shot came the sickness, like a detective that had been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest. Alex retching. Minister rises.
Let's hope you make the most of it, my boy.
Thank you very much for this chance, sir.
The accidental killing of a person, sir.
What crime did you commit.
I did, sir.
Who said that?
There, there mother, it's alright. He doesn't mean it. You were in the papers again, son. It said they had done great wrong to you. It said how the Government drove you to try and do yourself in... and when you think about it, son... maybe it was our fault too in a way... your home's your home when it's all said and done, son. Em sobs.
What gives, O my Pee and Em, what makes you think you are welcome? Em sobs. Pee comforts her.
Well, all this needs thinking about, son. I mean we can't very well just kick Joe out... Not just like that, can we? I mean Joe is here doing a job. A contract it is, two years. Well, we made like an arrangement, didn't we Joe? You see, son, Joe's paid next month's rent already so, well, whatever we do in the future, we cant just say to Joe to get out, now can we?
What's gonna happen to me then? I mean that's my room he's in - there's no denying that. This is my home also. What suggestions have you, my Pee and Em, to make?
Oh well, he met with like an accident. He passed away. Alex becomes a bit weepy.
What about Basil? Where's my snake?
Well. That was all took away, son, by the Police. New regulation about compensation for the victim.
No thanks, Mum. It'll pass in a minute...  ... What have you done with all my own personal things?
How do you do, Joe? Find the room comfortable, do you? No complaints?
Aye, that's Joe. He... ummmm, lives here now. The lodger. That's what he is... he... he rents your room. Alex confronts Joe.
Hey, Dad, there's a strange fella sitting on the sofa there munchy- wunching lomticks of toast.
Oh, aye, aye.
Well, still the same old place then, eh?
Aye.
That's right, Dad they did a great job on my gulliver, I'm completely reformed.
Aye. Glad to see you back, lad.
Well - I'm back.
Oh fine, fi. Keeping out of trouble, you know.
Well, how are you then?
Fine, fine.
Keeping fit then?
Hullo lad. What a surprise, good to see you.
And, O my brothers, would you believe your faithful friend and long suffering narrator pushed out his red yahzik a mile and a half to lick the grahzny, vonny boots. The horrible killing sickness had wooshed up and turned the like joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it. Minister rises.
... And again... Go on!!! Again! There's a good boy.
You wanna get up? Well, you've gotta you see... well I want you to lick it. Go on... Lick it. Alex, gagging and coughing, licks the sole of his shoe.
Let me get up.
You wanna be sick?
I wanna be sick.
You're gonna be sick are you?
I'm gonna be sick.
... because I don't like you horrible type, do I, and if you want to start something... if you want to start... go on... well, you just start. Please do. Alex retching.
... and that... He pulls Alex's ear, pushes him off balance and plants his foot on his chest.
... and this... He pulls Alex's nose.
You want to know why I did that, well you see - I do that... He stamps on Alex's foot.
Why did you do that, brother? I've never done wrong to you.
Oh. Oh, you're sorry are you, well you must think I'm awfully stupid. He slaps Alex in the face.
Sorry, brother. I didn't mean any offence.
What do I want?
No, brother. What d'you want?
Oh, he had a shower this morning. You trying to call me a liar?
Why do you say that, brother? I had a shower this morning.
Hello, heap of dirt. Pooh, you don't wash much do you, judging by the horrible smell.
Right. Halt the prisoner. Good morning, sir, I'm Chief Officer Barnes. I've got 655321 on a transfer from Parkmoor to the Ludovico Centre, sir!
The next morning I was taken to the Ludovico Medical Facility, outside the town centre, and I felt a malenky bit sad having to say goodbye to the old Staja, as you always will when you leave a place you've like gotten used to. Chief Guard briskly leads the way for Alex and escort. They move into reception hall where the Doctor stands.
Shut your bleedin' hole!!!
You're absolutely right, sir.
Yes, sir.
Through there for a bath.
No, sir.
Lice?
No, sir.
Crabs?
No, sir.
Right. The mothballs, Mister.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Are you an Epileptic?
No, sir.
Do you wear any false teeth or false limbs?
No, sir.
Have you ever had any mental illness?
No, sir.
Do you wear eye glasses or contact lenses?
Blue eyes, yes, sir.
Blue eyes?
Fair hair, sir.
Brown hair, is it?
Yes, sir, Church of England, sir.
Do you mean Church of England?
C of E, sir.
Religion?
No, sir.
Now then, were you in Police custody this morning?
The chocolate and cigarettes you brought in - you lose that as you are now convicted. Now go over to the table and get undressed. Alex walks to table and undresses. Chief Guard moves to table with his clipboard.
Right. Sign here for your valuable property. Alex signs.
No, sir.
One half bar of chocolate. One bunch of keys on white metal ring. One packet of cigarettes. Two plastic ball pens - one black, one red. One pocket comb - black plastic. One address book - imitation red leather. One ten penny piece. One white metal wristlet watch, "Timawrist" on a white metal expanding bracelet. Anything else in your pockets?
Pick that up and put it down properly. Alex does so, and continues to empty his pockets.
Right carry on. Alex tosses a bar of chocolate on the desk.
Yes sir.
Then your toes belong on the other side of it!!!
Yes, sir.
Right. Take the cuffs off him, Mister. The cuffs are removed.
Murder, sir.
Crime?
Alexander de Large, sir.
You are now in H.M. Prison Parkmoor and from this moment you will address all prison officers as sir! Name?
Yes!!!
You've heard Beethoven before?
Yes!!!
Are you referring to the background score?
You felt ill this afternoon because you're getting better. You see, when we're healthy we respond to the presence of the hateful with fear and nausea. You're becoming healthy that's all. By this time tomorrow you'll be healthier still.
I just don't understand about feeling sick the way I did. I never used to feel sick before. I used to feel like the very opposite. I mean, doing it or watching it, I used to feel real horrorshow. I just don't understand why, how what.
Well, of course, it was horrible. Violence is a very horrible thing. That's what you're learning now. Your body is learning it.
But it was horrible.
I imagine you'll be feeling a little bit limp by the end of the day. But we have to be hard on you. You have to be cured.
You mean, I have to viddy two sessions in one day?
Well, that was a very promising start. By my calculations, you should be starting to feel alright again. Yes? Dr. Brodsky's pleased with you. Now tomorrow there'll be two sessions, of course, morning and afternoon.
Well, that's good. I like to viddy the old films now and again.
Something like that.
You mean like going to the pictures?
It's quite simple really. Were just going to show you some films.
What exactly is the treatment here going to be then?
Something like that. You are a little undernourished, so after each meal were going to give you a shot. Roll over on your right side please, loosen your pyjama pants and pull them half-way down. He does, somewhat reluctantly. She gives him a shot in the bum.
Vitamins will it be then?
Oh no, nothing of the sort.
What's the hypo for then? Going to send me to sleep?
I hope so, Missus. She inserts a needle into the medicine vial.
We're going to friends now, sir.
I realise all that, Missus, and I'm very grateful to all concerned.
Good. In a few minutes, you'll meeting Dr. Brodsky and we'll begin your treatment. You're a very lucky boy to have been chosen.
Fine... fine.
How're you feeling this morning?
Indeed it is. May I take this She removes his tray.
Good Morning, Missus. Lovely day, isn't it?
Good morning, Alex, my name is Dr. Branom. I'm Doctor Brodsky's assistant.
I'm sure it won't be long now.
And when do I get out of here then?
It's not that kind of a test. But you seem well on the way to a complete recovery.
How many did I get right?
Good. I'm glad
I was quite enjoying that.
Yes.
I hope so. Is that the end then?
Fine. Well, that's all there is to it. Are you alright?
Fucking hell...
Eggiwegs. I would like to smash 'em. Pick up th elot and f... owww... He slams his hand down and cries out with pain.
Good. You can do whatever you like with these.
Excuse me, missus. No time for the old in-out, I've just come to read the meter. Slide of bird's nest with eggs.
Good. What do you want?
Bollocks. You know what you can do with that watch? You can stick it up your arse. Slide of nude woman in bed, a man at the window.
Good. It wa your fault... you sold me a crummy watch. I want my money back.
That's right and I'll smash your face for you, yarblockos. Slide of watch shop.
Good. The boy you always quarrelled with is seriously ill.
Right... Knickers... Cabbages... It doesn't have a beak. Alex laughs. Slide of woman speaking to boy.
Yes. Yes, well don't think about it too long, just say the first thing that pops into your mind.
I just say what the other person would say?
Isn't the plumage beautiful?
Righty, right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoon balloon - a peacock.
Now then, each of these slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture. You'll tell me what you think the person would say. Alright?
Oh.
Patients who've sustained the kind of injuries you have often have dreams of this sort. It's all part of the recovery process.
Well, when I was all like ashamed up and half awake and unconscious like, I kept having this dream like all these doctors were playing around with me gulliver. You know... like the inside of me brain. I seemed to have this dream over and over again. D'you think it means anything?
Yes?
Ohhh... jolly good. Perhaps you can explain me something to me first.
No... I'm going to show you some slides and you are going to tell me what you think about them Alright?
What are we going to do? Talk about me sex life?
Just part of hospital routine.
Psychiatrist? Huh, do I need one?
I'm your Psychiatrist.
I haven't seen you before.
Good. I'm doctor Taylor.
Fine. Fine.
How are you feeling today?
No, no, boy. You really must leave it to us, but be cheerful about it. In less than a fortnight now, you'll be a free man.
But, Sir... Missus... I see that it's wrong! It's wrong because it's like against like society. It's wrong because everybody has the right to live and be happy without being tolchocked and knifed.
You must take your chance boy. The choice has been all yours.
You're not cured yet, my boy.
You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultra-violence and killing is wrong and terribly wrong. I've learned my lesson, sir. I see now what I've never seen before I'm cured, praise Bog!
Yes!!!
You're keen on music?
That!... Using Ludwig van like that! He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music.
What's all this about sin?
Let me be sick... I want to get up. Get me something to be sick in... Stop the film... Please stop it... I can't stand it any more. Stop it please... please.
Very soon now the drug will cause the subject to experience a death- like paralysis together with deep feelings of terror and helplessness. One of our earlier test subjects described it as being like death, a sense of stifling and drowning, and it is during this period we have found the subject will make his most rewarding associations between his catastrophic experience and environment and the violence he sees. Alex retching violently and struggling against his strait jacket.
Then there was like a sea of dirty, smelly old men trying to get at your humble Narrator, with their feeble rookers and horny old claws. It was Old Age having a go at Youth and I daren't do a single solitary thing, O my brothers, it being better to be hit at like that, than want to be sick and feel that horrible pain. The Tramp crowd round Alex, shouting.
They laughed at me blood and me moans. This murderous young pig is a prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young. He is in our midst and at our mercy. Give it to him. That's it. Old Tramps begin to beat at Alex.
Stop him! Stop him! A leg is stuck out and Alex goes down. The tramp swarm all over him.
This is the poisonous young swine that near done me in. Him and his friends beat me and kicked me and thumped me. Alex breaks away again.
Leave me alone, brother. I've never seen you before. Tramp shouts to other Meths drinkers and Tramps.
I never forget a face! I never forget any face, be God!
Jamey Mack! Be the hokey fly! Holy Mother of God! All the Holy Angels and blessed saints in Heaven preserve us. Alex breaks away but the Tramp toddles alongside him.
Oh, thankyou, your honour. The Tramp takes a second look at Alex.
Can you spare me some cutter, me brother? Can you spare some cutter, me brother? Alex, without looking at him, reaches in his pocket and gives him some money.
It's a stinking world because there's no law and order any more. It's a stinking world because it lets the young get onto the old like you done. It's no world for an old man any more. What sort of a world is it at all? Men on the moon and men spinning around the earth and there's not no attention paid to earthly law and order no more. The Tramp starts singing again.
Oh - and what's so stinking about it?
Oh-hhh!!! Go on, do me in you bastard cowards. I don't want to live anyway, not in a stinking world like this.
Can you... can you spare some cutter, me brothers? Alex rams his stick into the Tramp's stomach. The boys laugh.
One thing I could never stand is to see a filthy, dirty old drunkie, howling away at the filthy songs of his fathers and going blerp, blerp in between as it might be a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts. I could never stand to see anyone like that, whatever his age might be, but more especially when he was real old like this one was. The boys stop and applaud him.
Amen. They cross themselves.
Instruct thy son and he shall refresh thee and shall give delight to thy soul.
Be patient, my son, and put your trust in the Lord.
I don't understand about the whys and wherefores, Father. I only know I want to be good.
The question is weather or not this technique really makes a man good. Goodness comes from within. Goodness is chosen. When a man cannot chose, he ceases to be a man.
I don't care about the danger, Father. I just want to be good. I want for the rest of my life to be one act of goodness.
It has not been used yet in this prison. The Governor has grave doubts about it and I have heard that there are very serious dangers involved.
But it is being used, isn't it, Father?
That's not proven, 655321. In fact, it is only in the experimental stage at this moment.
I don't know what it's called, Father, all I know is that it gets you out quickly and makes sure that you never get in again.
I take it you are referring to the Ludovico Technique?
These things get around, Father. Two Warders talk as it might be, and somebody can't help overhearing what they say. Then somebody picks up a scrap of newspaper in the workshops and the newspaper tells all about it. How about putting me in for this new treatment, Father?
Where did you hear about this? Whose been talking about these things?
No Father. It's nothing like that, Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.
Certainly, my son, certainly. Is there something troubling you, my son? Don't be shy to speak up. Remember, I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women.
Father - may I ask you a question in private?
You certainly have not, 655321. You've been very helpful, and you've shown a genuine desire to reform.
And, Father, I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions, have I?
Indeed.
I've done my best, have I not?
You have, my son.
Father, I have tried, have I not?
Fine, my boy, fine, fine.
If thou lose hope being weary in the days of distress, thy strength shall be diminished.
Now then. Face the wall. Bend over and touch your toes. Chief Guard inspects Alex's anus with a penlight.
Mothballs, sir.
Are you now, or ever have been, a homosexual?
One pair of underpants - white with blue waistband.
Have you ever had any attacks of fainting or dizziness?
One pair of trousers - blue pinstriped.
Have you been receiving medical treatment for any serious illness?
One shirt - blue, collar attached.
Prison custody?
One jacket - blue pinstripe.
It says that you are willing to have the residue of your sentence commuted to the Ludovico treatment. Alex signs. Governor gathers up papers. Alex dots the last "i" and smiles.
Don't read it - sign it!
Answer when the Governor asks you a question you filthy young swine!
You are to be reformed. Tomorrow you go to this man, Brodsky. You wbe leaving here. You will be transferred to the Ludovico Medical Facility. It is believed that you will be able to leave State custody in a little over a fortnight. I suppose that prospect pleases you?
Shut your filthy hole, you scum!!!
Forward to the white line, toes behind it. Full name and number to the Governor. Chief Guard closes door.
Very good, Chief. Chief Guard turns to Alex.
Sir, 655321, sir.
Sir.
Carry on, Chief.
Leave to carry on, sir, please?
Very good, Chief. They inspect cells.
This is to make sure you stay cured. Georgie hits Alex in the stomach with his blackjack. Then, they push his head under the water and methodically start to beat him with their blackjacks. After a full minute of this, they drag him out, halt-drowned,
Enough is remembered though, little Alex. Dim and Georgie laugh. They drag Alex to a low water through.
Something to sharpen us up, you especially. We have the start.
Moloko-plus.
Big, big money.
The shiny stuff. The Ice. The big, big, big money is available's what Will the English says.
Yeah... Pete the English.
And there's Will the English in the Muscleman coffee mesto saying he can fence anything that anything that any malchick tries to crast.
Pitiful rookerful...
Are you feeling better?
Hullo, son, how are you?
Would you like me to make you a nice cup of tea, son?
D'you think we should do something?
Dad... It's the treatment. More retching.
Well, what's the matter lad, are you feeling alright?
Aye. You should have let us know, lad, not that we're not very pleased to see you again. All cured too, eh?
We've only just read about it in the morning papers.
Well, it's a surprise all right, a bit bewildering too.
Well, like he says, it's mostly odd things he does, helping like... here and there, as it might be.
I wonder where exactly is it he goes to work of evenings.
No I don't know, luv, I'd taken my sleepers.
Yes, I heard. D'you know what time he got in last night?
Thank you.
Shall we go to my office?
No, no, no. That's enough. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition.
Well, fine... we could still look at C-Block.
Not a chance, my dear fellow. The Ggovernment can't be concerned any longer with outmoded penological theories. Soon we may be needing all of out prison space for political offenders. Common criminals like these are best dealt with on a purely curative basis. Kill the criminal reflex that's all. Full implementation in a year's time. Punishment means nothing to them, you can see that... they enjoy their so-called punishment. Alex seizes his chance as they pass by.
I agree, sir. What we need are larger prisons. More money.
Cram criminals together and what do you get - concentrated criminality... crime in the midst of punishment.
Four in this block, sir.
How many to a cell?
