A little homeopathic cure for the willies.
It's good medicine.
Open space.  She hasn't been out of this apartment in three years.  I didn't used to think it was real...
Fear of what...
You threatened to drive her downtown.  She has agoraphobia.
What did I do?
Now look what you did.
Only kidding!
I hate this...
None of your fucking business.
Excuse me, but would you mind explaining why you're watching the lady upstairs?
Hal has it.
Where have you <u>been</u>?  What happened to your wallet?
But </u>alive</u>!
You bastard!
Stop acting like a silly little fag!
It's almost six.  And guess what? Hall likes me bathed and shaved.
You've got a date right <u>here</u>, Andy. This has got to...
Sorry, Luv.  I've got a date.
I know.  Do come and meet your guest.
You're fired.
Look out for her.  She's tougher than you think.
Oh, God, I forget.  Yes.  Yes.  You go.  Poor thing, you ought to get out.
The moon is up, my night to howl. Will you be okay?
Get out!  All of you!
I'm the only friend you've got, darling, and I don't intend to stop doing what I think is good for us.
None of you know anything about it. Now go.  And Andy, if you persist in playing doctor, leave, with them.
Then, why don't you just die.  I'm going.  They'll find your body years later, the old recluse lady, she ate cat food, ten years of the New York Times, unread, piled on top of the unread mail, the TV still on.  Make up your mind.  Live or die.  I'll get coffee.
I can't, Andy.
About what?
When are you going to call them?
You <u>slut</u>!  No sexy young cop for you unless you shampoo your hair.
Reminded me that I used to be attractive.  That men used to want me...
What?  What'd I do?
I wouldn't.  He'll be back.  If you want him.  The cute brutal type with handcuffs.  Very sexy.
I want to die.
No, dear.  You're at your best with a bag in front of your face.
Oh, God.  I must have looked horrible.
Okay.  You win.  'Dirty Harry' coming up.
But earlier, he was staring up here.  <u>Please</u>, Andy.
Oh my God!  Help!  HE'S READING A NEWSPAPER!
You parked right behind him.  The one I noticed earlier.  I didn't say anything, I thought he'd leave. Just take a look.
Andy?
Cellulite.  What do you say I blindfold you and take you to the gym.  Aerobics with housewives...
Monsieur Andy can <u>smell</u> your coiffure.  And guess what else?
Monsieur Andy, disapproves of my coiffure?
When was the last time you washed your hair?
Oh God.  I'm really crazy.
Andy?  When a three-year-old says there's a monster under the bed, you don't say 'forget it'.  You look under the bad.  I'm three years old.  Call the prison.
He can't phone you unless the warden gets an okay from you.  Did you give him an approval?
He whispered, but it was <u>him</u>!  I know it was him!
A little heavy breathing is what most of us yearn for.  <u>Forget</u> it.
I had the dream again.  And I got another call.  This time he spoke.  He said "You and me, you and me."
Are you kidding?  You buy enough gourmet junk every week... most of which <u>rots</u>... to garage a fleet of stretch limos.
I've told you:  I can't afford to garage it.
Well!  Aren't we the daring one? What's morbid and ghastly enough in the news to make Doctor Helen set foot outside her door?  The antenna is gone off her car again.  I had no music, all the way to the market.  Let me find a garage for it?
I got it myself... I couldn't wait.
Would you please get your hands off my face, Tallulah?  What happened to the newspaper?
Where were you?  Don't tell me. It's just under seventy, right?  The sun is strong but the air is dry and fresh...
Gaahhd!  What a <u>cop</u>!  You busted me!  The new one, in the Marina.  She has a police radio scanner. It's always on.  She turns it off, and then she has to turn it on again.  She's obsessed.  She can't not listen to it, but she can't listen to it, so she makes me listen to it.
Tell her about <u>what</u>?
She just got to sleep.  Do you have to tell her about it now?
Hey, no.  Leave those here.  If you really want her help.  I mean if you really do, leave them.  Let her see them.  I'll see they're safe...
Tell her we're sorry we bothered her.
Oh, God, uniforms, more stress. Let her sleep.  It's a self-limiting: she hyperventilates till she passes out, then her breathing goes back to normal, and she wakes up singing like a lark.  We know, don't we, Princess?  Give her a couple of hours.  I know about this.
We'll get the paramedics...
You talked to me.  Do you remember?
Are you staying long?  Shall I shut the door?  Make your coffee?  Make the beds?
I'm okay.  I really kind of enjoyed it.
Investigators Halloran and Goetz.  I apologize for Goetz, he's a firehouse dog.
Yes.  I believed him.
And you believed him when he told you he had done that.
When he was seventeen.
When was that?
He told me he had done two others just like it.
What first two murders.  We don't know about them here, do we?
The first two murders.
The same as the first time...
What pattern was that?
He took pains to hide his actions because he knew they were morally wrong.  He was not acting on mad impulse.  He was sane and acting out a pattern he carefully followed every time.
Because people who are suffering from aural hallucinations hear voices in both ears.  Daryll Lee told me that Joan of Arc always appeared beside him on his left side and spoke softly in his left ear.
You said, first, he was lying.  How do you know that, Doctor?
I thought he was lying.
'Lying.  He was lying.'  I asked you what you thought, not what he did.
He was lying.
Only part.  What else?  What did you think of his claim that he tied this girl to the tree and set fire to her because Joan of Arc told him to do it.
The test criteria are only part of what we look at in evaluating subjects.
Without question?  He only scored 40 percent, four out of ten criteria?  Couldn't another expert say he <u>flunked</u> the sexual sadist test?  What curve are you marking on, Doctor?
Yes.  Without question.
What day is this?  In jail you lose track.  This week.  Friday.
What Friday?
No, that's still in my jacket I was wearing.  We were supposed to meet on the docks, that number 47 wharf, 10 o'clock Friday.  He's gonna hand me 500 bucks.
You already made the delivery?
Wait... wait... I already called him, I threw it away.
I don't have it...
You were going to make a delivery to Peter Kurten for Daryll Lee Cullum.  I want Kurten's phone number.
Tell me what you want me to say. Anything.
Doesn't work that way.  You had your chance, now fuck yourself...
You get me out first.
You don't listen very good.  This break in -- I can call it a felony -- three strikes, and you got about sixteen strikes already, and you're in jail for the rest of your life, no parole.  Or I could see it gets forgotten.
I never carried a gun!
Shut up -- I'm talking.  You got felony breaking and entering, burglary, felonious...
I never hurt nobody...
Cut the crap.  You got a sheet the length of my arm...
I was?  How you spell that?
Inspector Halloran.  Homicide. You were supposed to contact a Peter Kurten?
Who are you?
She don't want it.
She's supposed to have it.
We know...  Send the book to evidence...
The door was already open...
He told you she was loaded, any- thing you could steal you could keep, Conrad?  You bought yourself a return ticket to Quentin, breaking and entering.
Daryll Lee Cullum, he wrote that book, he wanted the lady to have it.  They won't let him send it to her, so I'm getting out, he asks me to deliver it in person, he says, put it on her pillow.  It has all about how he tried to kill her.
I'm trying to tell you.  It's on the lady's pillow...
Where is it?
The door was open, swear to God, I'm just looking for her when you come charging up the stairs...
You break into her apartment to deliver a gift?  Where is it?
I brought a present for the lady, there.  I'm looking for her, to give her the present...
Then you get your ass outta here, I don't wanta see you again...
That Klutz.  They send him back here, I'll kick his ass good.
In jail.
Conrad has the phone number. Conrad, where is he?
How was Conrad supposed to find Kurten?
Damn!  I gave that to Conrad, too! That guy!  I told Conrad deliver to Kurten and keep the 500 bucks in return for getting my book to you.
Where did you send the message to Peter Kurten?
You come and visit.
I think whatever is best for you, Daryll.  And maybe you're right, that's the place.
Listen, you want my advice?  Steer clear.  He's writing me he's gonna finish 'my unfinished symphony.' He's gonna give me $550 for some of my cum, he says he's in a position to see that I will be immortal if he has some of my spunk.  I'm offended.  Right away I smell <u>freak</u>.  Writin' about him and me and <u>you</u> bein' joined and he's gonna finish my <u>symphony</u>?  I didn't care for his drift.  I sent some liquid soap in a sandwich baggie with a message from Jesus to mend his ways.  You hear I found Jesus?  And what's funny is, now I don't mind bein' inside.  If I was out, even Born Again, I'd probably get restless again.  It's maybe better I stay here, what do you think?
I don't know.  I'd like to know where he is.
Something personal.  Is he bothering you?
Ah ha.  What did he want?
Kurten!  Is he bothering you?  I told that son I'd send him what he wanted if he leave you alone.
I will.  I'll call you, Daryll, and talk to you about it after I've read it.  Right now I have a question... Peter Kurten.
Bet you never figured I'd follow in your footsteps.  It's real well- written.  You should read it -- you're in it.
I'll look for it, Daryll Lee.
I sent it by private courier, he didn't give it to you?  That son of a gun...!
What book?
You read my book which as you know, hit the stands a couple of weeks ago.  You read it yet.
Hello, Daryll Lee.
Back in the driver's seat again, Doctor?  That old dream -- study us to see what makes us sick.  So you can find a cure -- they'd name it after you?  Death is the only cure for people like me.
Do anything you want to me.  I give myself to you.  Only put the knife down.  Isn't this what you always wanted?  I know it's what we all want, to love and to loved.  I could love you.  You could work together in some safe place, learn to really understand you, help you, give you some peace of mind, some happiness...
Oh, please.  I know what's coming, now.  "Let me help you..."
I don't have the talent for any of those things.  All I have a talent for is death.  And I am one of a kind.  What do you think of your student now?  I have made you famous, I am your creation and your monument.
That's not who I admire -- I admire people who are good at what they do, great artists, writers, thinkers...
Why did you do that?  Didn't you have any idea how hard it was for me, to get that far?  I worshipped you.  You inspired me.  I thought you could understand me the way you understood the others.  I knew that about you -- the ones you admired were the great murderers; they fascinated you.
I have no life anymore.  I ruined your life, make me pay for it.
We'll keep talking.  Until they get here.  Then... 
Don't talk to me about courage.  I know death, what it's like to kill. You're not a killer -- you watched Daryll Lee kill that cop and you didn't make a peep, because you were paralyzed with fear.  You chocked.  I know something <u>else</u> about you.
Do it.  If that's what all this carnage is about, then do it.  Have enough guts to do it.
No.  Not yet.
Kill me, Peter, do it, now.
Where it began -- McCluskey Auditorium.
You know where.
Yes.  I do.  I want it to end now. Let her go.  I'll come -- just let her go.  She's not important.
I don't care -- she's a cop.  That's the important thing.  Cop-ness, not sex-ness.  It won't be perfect, but it'll be good.
You've been perfect.  Don't spoil the symmetry -- you have to have a male cop.
I need her; she's a cop.  I have to kill a cop, and then...
For God's sake Peter, leave her out of it.  You don't want her, you want me.
Oh, I think you will.
You know I can't do that.
Mm-hmm.  I can't get to you.  You have to come to me.
It's Daryll Lee Cullum, isn't it?
What was that?  What am I hearing? The sound of an epiphany, a sudden blinding insight?
<u>You</u> thought I was going to do Ted Bundy next, so you sent your partner...
Where are you, Peter?
You like that action?  Didn't that cop on TV look <u>solemn</u>?  The guy in the basement doesn't matter, anyway, just another lonely heart.
Who was the man in the basement?
Hi.  It's your worst student, Peter Foley -- how do you grade me now, Doctor?
Well, thanks.
Why can't I drive home?  I will. You.  Look at you.  <u>You</u> need a ride home.  And you don't even know it.
Oh, shut up, and don't be so damn self righteous.
If there's a one percent possibil- ity, can you live with yourself when he kills again?
This has been the worst 48 hours of my life.  I'm going home.  I'm going to try to get drunk.
He hasn't done Bundy.  He's done every one of the others, hasn't he? If there are three dead Chi Omega college girls tomorrow, how will you feel?  Go there.  See if there could be any way for him to escape.
Helen -- let go.  You've got to let go.
They never kill themselves.  How do you know it was him.  You never met him.  You never even saw a photograph...
Helen.  I saw him die.  I saw him burning on the basement stairs, he never reached the top.
Christ, Helen.  The first time, we're ahead of the son of a bitch! I can't leave you like this -- and there's no time.  Knock yourself out.
W-We had a fight.  I called him... called him a name...
How many do you need to sleep. Really sheep?
I've got to go.  I've <u>got</u> to go.
I am not going to talk about it. How do you <u>know</u> it was Andy if the head was gone?  Where is the head? Are you looking for it?  Oh, God, why him?  Because of me.  I can't talk about it.  I write about things like this, stuff it all in books and bury it in libraries. This is the first person close to me who's ever died.  And it's because of me.  This monster killed him because I loved him.
Out.  Where does he go?  Nowhere. What does he do?  Nothing.
I'm working on it!  It's what I do.  Quinn...Halloran.  I'll wait.  Where's Andy, can we get some coffee in here?
Maybe you should...
Bundy.  That's the last one in your speech...
Yes.  Dahmer!  And after that...
Look.  There's the order:  you wrote it:  DeSalvo, Bianchi & Buono, Berkowitz and Dahmer.  It's going to be Dahmer next.  Which means he'll kill a man.
The University computer is down for maintenance, but I've been going through my own notes...
What does it matter?  This guy, you checked your course records, who signed up?
Who's the married man?
Where's the john?  Let me clean up this mess, and get back to work.
You're exhausted.  Let me get you a brandy.
A man?  I thought he was a boy.  This last Christmas was the happiest Christmas I had in the last ten years... you know why?  It was the first Christmas in six years I was not in love.  Son of a bitch <u>married men</u>!  Who cares about marriage, the bed just gets crowded and noisy?!
He felt sorry for me.  It was so nice to flirt.  He was a darling man.
I just thought it was so -- unprofessional.  Of you both!
Ruben's dead.   So stupid, a cop thing, a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistakes... I'm sorry... because you and he...
What happened to you?!
You do that one, I don't want it...
They're not talking to me.  Saks looks right through me.  I ask him for some bodies, for the phones -- he's so encouraging: "you make that <u>your</u> little job."  Condescending bastard.  Helen, on your lists to call is San Quentin.  Daryll Lee Cullum?
Let's speed up the game plan... call all the living serials to ask if they've had contact with a Peter Kurten.  We could use some help on the phones...
They get fan letters...
'...great dark hall of fame... all our greatest killers...'  His greatest <u>heroes</u>?  He wants to be famous.  When they're caught and people like me write about them, we give them a kind of immortality. They get thousands of letters. Ramirez kills eight women and gets a hundred marriage proposals a month.  They're like film stars.
It's not chronological: Son of Sam was before Hillside.
It's also the major piece of evidence, and it makes you a key part of his plan.  You can't run away from it anymore.  Look at the order he's doing them... He did three as the Boston Strangler just to tell us a copycat serial killer was at work.  Then he did one like the Hillside Strang- ler.  And then one as Son of Sam. To lead us on -- to where and what end?  And he's doing more than that -- he's imitating each killer's method as closely as he can -- in details.  Injecting Windex.  Using .44.  Playing Abba.
They weren't going to show it to me?!  The arrogance!  It's my <u>life</u>!
I put my ass on the line, giving you that.
What I can't believe is that in an earlier life I slept with him! Christ!  Any God that loved his people would give women a rewind on their life and an erase button.  Just give me a minute here.  The letter is addressed to me...  You don't feel fear, do you? You're young.  You feel like you'll live forever.  How wonderful.
He said to send you his regards and to tell you that the Bureau holds you in the highest esteem.
They put  Merry <u>Saks</u> on it?!
Look in the crowd.  He liked to hang around and watch the cops at work...
Ruben's gone to look... It's banged up but it looks like a .44.  It's Son of Sam.  Is it Son of Sam?
One of those goddamned car alarms. What's going...
What's that siren?
What's that music.  It's Abba.  I can hear it.  It's Abba.
Helen, hang up, let Ruben get on with his work...
Because I'm all you've got.
Why should I trust you?
I did not; the Mouth -- that's what we call Susan Schiffer -- got it on her own.
You betrayed me!  Now every psychopath in the city knows I'm back in business... You lied to me!
Halloran.
I'm giving you Clint outside.
This one, yes.  I was always curious about these twisted little souls, but this is the first one I've felt personally terrified of. He's something new and unheard of. I don't know what he wants.
You're afraid of him.
Who's going to catch him?  You?  And if you do, there'll be another one.  And one after that.
He'll get caught.  If he has a plan that'll be what trips him up...
Ah, if you knew that, you'd be half way to nailing him.  Serial killing is irrational and rigid and compulsive.  This guy has a plan all thought out, flexible and complex.  He's playing a game with us.  Who will he imitate next? Maybe he's doing all the serial killers in history, the great innovators, the murderers' hall of fame.  Just to prove he's better than all of them.  They got caught; he didn't.
Injected Windex!  Why would he switch to a new m.o.?
It's what Bianchi and Buono injected into one of their victims.
I know Windex, for God's sake, I clean my own windows...
Consistency is the hobgoblin of <u>little</u> minds.  Tell them to test for the chemicals found in Windex. That's a product for cleaning with...
That's not consistent... You said they never changed their style, they're robots...
That's exactly... I could have taken that same picture, this morning.
Is that it?
So far nothing they test for comes up positive.
There were needle marks.  But no drugs in her blood.
Please thank Inspector Goetz for taking care of me last night.
Hello, Ruben...  So that's that...
Ruben.
Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside.
That little Winona Ryder manner... you're more convincing as Clint Eastwood.
Helen -- the killer directly contacted you.  His interest in you is <u>intense</u>.  I'm worried about you. I don't want to lose you.  I know this stirs up every monster under the bed, but this is the only direct contact we have with him. The only chance we have to trap him.  So, you can turn Internet back on, or I do, and we put somebody here on a 24 hour shift and you can kick, scream and hyperventilate.
Have you got a warrant?  Get the hell out o here!  This is the <u>only space I have left in the</u> <u>world</u>!  Why can't you leave me out of it?
He comes in the window, we maybe grab him.  Where's the on-switch?
I turned it off.  It's like an open window he can climb right in...
Who turned off the Internet computer...
You're saying it's the same man, but he's changed his style?  That doesn't happen.  These men are robotic; the murder is like a ritual.  The method itself is part of the pleasure...
She was killed somewhere else and dumped outdoors in an empty lot. Where it says "no dumping."  Her legs pulled apart in a kind of sexual pose.   It's all different but it seems so -- the same. Artificial and <u>posed</u>... Something's wrong with it.
Then what do you need me for?
But it's a different m.o.
That's no surprise.
We've got another one.
I want a guard on you.  I'm worried about leaving you alone.
He's going home.  He slept over because I was a little anxious...
That's amazing.  A whole new book, thought up in a minute.  Very good.  All I know how t do is get up, take a shower, and go to work. Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper. Where is Andy going?
Because I'm his damned pin-up girl! His, all of them!  They know me. They're in prisons with libraries, they collect clippings, I'm their worthy opponent.  You keep my name out of this.
Nobody knows you have anything to do with this case; nothing has been on TV or the news... Why would he want to get in <u>your</u> computer?
It's <u>anybody</u> connected to author- ity.  They write, they even knock on your door.  They're <u>fans</u>.  It thrills them to flirt with getting caught.
Look at the sign.  'Hell'?  In the Festival of Love?  You make any sense in that?
She probably let him in the door without a thought.  Where are their mothers?!  Where are the mothers that are supposed to teach them to be wary and to tough and not afraid to fight?
I just came from her... here's what you haven't seen.
Maybe that's why you can't catch him.  I <u>know</u> what she looks like -- the red-headed woman in my computer.
I don't look at pictures.  I look at the <u>real thing</u>.  I don't feel infected.
I am not going to look at any more pictures.  They're like a disease. They get into my head.  I can't get them out.
Show what?  It's gone.  He wrote a self destruct virus into the code, so it would only play until we try to copy it.  Then it erased itself. Gone...  Do you remember what you saw?
We'll show that to...
<u>He</u> won't.
One officer already got killed trying to protect me.  Please, just take it all away.  Leave me alone.
I'm going to put a guard on your door.
It's too big a file to copy to a disk.
Can you make a copy we can show on our computers?
Look at the bottom of the screen. You see the icon with the arrow pointing left?  Click on that... twice.
How do you know that?
Work with me.
If you knew why, you might know where to look for him. I don't envy you this; he's not done -- he's going to do them faster and faster to keep the adrenaline rush.  Now, I've done what you asked me.
Why imitate a dead serial killer?
I sent Andy out on murder missions. For God's sake -- it's the Boston Strangler, Alber deSalvo.  He used their own stockings to strangle them.  Tied in a bow-knot.
How did you know they were stockings?
Where are the stockings he strangled them with?
Nothing.
The bodies have been carefully arranged... different positions, but somehow the same.  The positions are brutal... yet quite... artful.  It's like... a signature.  He's proud of his accomplishments.  There are early Picassos and late Picassos, but you always recognize the hand.  He wants us to recognize <u>his</u> hand. I've seen this hand before... what are you hiding?
He felt remorse.  He covered her.
How do you know that?
It was a lover or a husband. Someone close.  Somebody who knew her and cared about her.
For months... last October.
Is it an ongoing case?
You can't go out lecturing?  Tough shit.  Women are dying.  Where can I lay this stuff out?
Will you go.  Andy, make them go.
Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.  I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts.  I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good.
Inspector Halloran, that is so much bullshit, you don't like or admire me, but the beautiful part is I don't give a fuck.  That's the upside of having a breakdown.
I think you are.  I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours.
Oh, my God, no!  I'm a clinical hysteric, with panic syndrome, and anxiety neurosis, agoraphobic, I'm afraid of everything, real and imaginary.  I never leave this apartment now.  Nobody ever comes here.  I just wanted to get your attention.  I write and I used to lecture on these crimes, but... I'm not competent.
Would you want to work with us on this?
Well, let's thank God you and Inspector Goetz are on the case, then.
Sugar and cream for Goetz; I take mine black.  You're absolutely correct.  The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love.
Yes, I did.  Poor impulse control. The accounts of the firs two murders made it so clear they were the work of the same man, but you kept announcing they were unrelated.  You'll never catch him that way.
<u>You</u> called <u>us</u>, Doctor Hudson.
You don't admire me.  No police admire me.  I got one of you killed.  Why don't you say right out what you're here for?
I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you.
What calls?  I haven't made any calls.
Because of your phone calls.
If he's not out, why are they here?
Who?
Is he out?
Ring the gong, he goes.  Poor impulse control.
That's an opinion, not evidence...
I think this is number three...
Do you have any evidence to report, ma'am?  Do you know any of the victims...
You're calling me a crank?
No, ma'am.  This is no joke.  And neither is tying up telephone lines to police with crank calls while people in trouble are trying to get through for help.
Inspector Halloran, Homicide.  I'm in charge here.
Who is this?
What else?
You take it, hang on to it, it'll make you feel safer.  Stay put.
They taught me at the FBI.  I was very good at it.  It scared me... I liked it.
You know how to use this?
I know, baby.  I know.
He was in my apartment!
Why don't you shoot off the lock?
Open the door.  Please.
Go and look for a note.
They all have one...
Is there a phone booth there?
Yes.
Listen to me.  Is there a gas station nearby?
<u>What</u>?...
Don't hang up!
She on the passenger side?
Yes.  I have to go...
It's a woman shot in a car?
Will you stay?  Please?  I'm afraid to sleep... I don't want...<u>him</u>...in my head...
I'll get a locksmith.
The lock...
Shhh.  It's okay.  Just breathe. I'll fix it...
Don't let go... I can't breathe... I'll die!
I'm falling!  I'm going to fall!
Tell me what to do!
Well.  Another time, then.  I'll be all right.  He's not going to attack me; what I' m rally afraid of is all in my own head, Ruben.
The problem for me is... you're in the witness category.  Know what I mean?
No.  I'm shy and I'm selective.
Are you always so bold?
Not yet.
You and MaryJane aren't lovers.
That would be much appreciated. Thanks.
We're through for the night, aren't we?  You go on.  Get some sleep. I'll stay until we can get a man out here and maybe catch a cab home.
MaryJane.  You think that logic and police procedure, order and science and method will hold back the horrors of a world gone mad and the sickness of the night.  I did once. But you know how he'll get caught? He'll have an accident, or some cop will get lucky.  You can't catch him by being intelligent and working hard.  Or the worst:  there are dozens of women slaughtered in the most horrible way, month after month.  The news stories grow more grotesque and bizarre and in the city people lock their doors and windows, and hurry home before dark.  And then, one day, there are no more.  What happened?  Did he just stop?  Get tired and disgusted and decide not to kill any more? Did he kill himself?  Did he die in an auto accident?  Or a fight.  Or get sick and die?  It's like the murderer walked off the edge of the earth.  And you never know.  But you keep asking yourself -- when you read about a new murder -- is he back?
MaryJane.  We call her M.J.
I know 'Halloran.'  What's the rest of it?
He's brilliant.  This one is brilliant.
I just started it copying to tape, but the tape never ran.  It just did that...
It's gone.  The file's not here.  What did you do?
Let me get a little action started here.
It's a game they like to play. Berkowitz -- "Son of Sam" -- hung around the crime scene, talking to the cops.  This one's probably watching <u>you</u>, laughing at you.
He can get into my computer any time he likes!  This is exactly the kind of thing I didn't want to have happen.
He's hacked into her Internet address.  He's a hacker.
That computer's wired into INTERNET.
In the sixties.  He's dead -- stabbed to death in prison.
The Boston Strangler, when was that...?
Somebody is imitating his m.o. Look for a plumber or carpenter or handyman; that's how deSalvo got in the door and caught them off guard.
You called us, Doctor, if you don't want to look at them here, how about downtown.  I'll drive you down...
I don't want this.  What are they?
Daryll Lee Cullum?  I don't think so.  If he's escaped we'd have the National Guard, cops'd be crawling through sewers.  You'd have a guard on your front door.
You were the one that talked about moonbikes and called me a crank? Oh God, I <u>am</u>!  Make them some coffee.  Halloran, is it?  Investigator Goetz?  I had a crank call myself-- he said...  I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum.  I thought he might be out of prison.
He wants me, he doesn't care about her.  Let me...
You've been very useful, Doctor, we appreciate all you've done, and now the professional will take over...
He's got Sergeant Halloran in there.  He'll kill her the minute he sees or hears your people...
Just get out of your vehicle...
Merry, how... oh, Christ, of course, you had my phone tapped.
Ma'am, please get out of your vehicle...
We've put a tap on Dr. Hudson's phone.  I know you won't mention it.
Okay.
She is a writer, writing best selling books about serial killing. Giving lectures she's well-paid for.  Her interests are not the interests of law enforcement.
How come you're so up on Dr. Hudson?
Who prescribes the brandy?
She takes tranquilizers her doctor prescribes.
We know Helen.  She's not exactly a credible collaborator.  Especially late in the day...
Sir, Doctor Hudson and I see a pattern develop...
I was just about to advise the Inspector here not to show Dr. Hudson the note.
Someone broke into her place last night.  It wasn't connected to our case, but it shook her up pretty bad so I haven't...
We don't see too many lady homicide detectives.  You have <u>my</u> respect. Have you discussed the note with Dr. Hudson?
Over here.
Hello.  I am  Meryhew Saks.  The song is called "Murder By Numbers."  The performers are a group called The Police.  Adam here... ... from Behavioral Science is working out exactly what this perpetrator is trying to telegraph in the note.  This is an extremely complex case, and we have a lot of fancy theories floating around. We're not ruling out the possib- ility of three Copycat serial killers.  We have Quantico working on graphology, the Washington lap is cloning DNA from the secretor. It's our feeling that the best lead we have is the two sperm samples in one of the victims.  We have a team sweeping sperm banks.  Now I want to say a few word to you local people.  Your Commissioner asked for our assistance.  The Bureau does not send us in on these cases to lord it over the local police. We couldn't catch up on what you people know if we had a year.  We have nation-wide resources and hard state of the art forensic science; you have the local savvy.  Together we can be unbeatable.  Which one is Inspector Halloran?
Lieutenant  Quinn.
Who came in after you?
Well, there's something missing in there.  There was something around her neck when I came in there, but it's gone now.
Whatever it is, I'm gonna find out and sooner is a hell of lot better than later.
No.  I didn't.
You touch anything, Mike?  Pick up anything?  Use the doorknob?  I don't want to find your prints on anything later and you tell me you forgot to tell me.
Michael Johnson.
I'm over here?  What's your name, Officer?
I was.
Don't ever forget how good you are.
Just horseshit luck.
I heard. Good police work.
Who gives a fuck?  In all the years I never seen you cry.  You loved him.
You're in terrible trouble, Nikko.
Christ.  I didn't lock the fucking drawer!  You spend twenty years thinking some perp's gonna whack you... you'll crash your car... but what happens is, you fuck yourself...  You can't imagine how many times I saw you two... your head together, I wish him dead.  Every time... Want to hear something weird?  I feel like I'd give my life to bring him back.
Quinn will be here any minute.  What are you going to say?
Doped up kids all over town.  Park was full of them last night.  Very easy pickin'.  Goetz's type.
If this is just the dump site, where did he do the job?  Where did he pick her up?
God, you're cute when you're mad.
Yeah, you did that too.  You earned what you got; don't shit on it, that's all I'm saying.
Don't put yourself down like that. I <u>never</u> used you.  I worked my way up like a marine grunt!
Yeah.  And you used that. Used <u>me</u>
Well, you outranked <u>me</u>, Nikko.
You're shitting ion your career.  You outrank hi...
You got that right, Nikko, it's none of your business.
It's none of my business anymore...
Oh, I know.
Working late.  You're a damn fool.
Maybe it's something you did in this life, Nikko...
Not what I meant; why <u>me</u>?
Because it's your job, that's all.
What am I wasting my time with this shit for?
I gotta get something to eat, I haven't eaten all day.
I'll talk to Conrad myself.  I'll be in the jail when you wind this up...
Talk to Nikko...!
Don't try to lie, Ruben.  You don't have the face for it.  I need you to help interrogate the burglar in Hudson's place...
The woman was in shock.  She was totally out on ranks.  I stayed because I didn't want her to wake up alone in a place where she'd just been under attack.  Stop that, you son of a bitch!  The place wasn't secure.  I was doing my goddamn job!  And, for the <u>second time</u>, I slept in her living room.
Helen... excuse me, we...
She wants me to check the phone booth for a note.
Bunch of Swedish women.  You're too young.
What's Abba?
The woman's unstable.  You could wind up with a harassment charge. <u>Anything</u>.  You're like some horny little teenager.
It's against your rules that I try to help a witness who's scared shitless?  Who's...
You damn well better start working on that impulse control.  A woman who is implicated in this case? Someone who's practically a piece of <u>evidence</u>?
Excuse me?  <u>Excuse me</u>?!  What do you...
Now listen up, Ruben.  You never, never, never mess with somebody <u>inside</u> the case!
Look at him, grandstanding...
Get the pictures, and casts of footprints.
Yeah, everything's different.
You're right.  I can't stand that bastard.  Sorry.  This is something new.  Not the same guy, that's for sure.
Ruben, my God, I ought to put you on report.
Spread out like she was sexually assaulted here.
Look at her legs.
She's blue as hell.  No marks on her neck.  Asphyxiated?  not the same -- no ligature marks.  Outdoors...
Needle marks, fresh, here.  look at this...
What about her arms?
She didn't fight back, no hair or skin under her fingernails.  I'm not seeing any bruises or contusions...
Quinn decided we should form a task force -- they're all one case, now. He wants all the senior detectives on it...  She wasn't killed here.
Is Niccoletti <u>assigned</u> here?
My promise.
Absolutely.
Why would he send this to Helen Hudson...
You got a tape backup, yeah, here lemme copy it on tape...
Let's get out of here...
You said you don't give a fuck and that's the beauty of a breakdown? This doesn't look like not giving a fuck, you know that?
Tell it to your shrink.
I like women like that!
Honest to God, Ruben!
Nada.  Lemme make the call.
He's just mad he let me keep the espresso machine.  We heard from Doctor Hudson?
What's wrong with him?
Order Chinese for us and meet me the library?  Anything but beef.
You came in there with this attitude...
Sure.  She likes <u>you</u>, Rube.  She likes the way you move.  She sure as hell isn't in love with me.
Classy madonna.
Snotty neurotic bitch...
It's mostly done, they got nobody in common, the three of them... No mutual friends -- the Landlady says nobody was ever there, she never saw her with anybody.
Get Mercer to run the medical, dental, legal bills, laundry and dry cleaning receipts, extermin- ators, mailmen, grocery and drugstore deliveries, handymen, plumbers...
You know, M.J., when I watch you shoot, I realize I've got a little problem with my stance... could you just move over here and critique my legs?
You're good enough you'll never have to kill anyone.  I joined the cops to save lives, not waste them.
I'm sure she thinks it is.  Aren't you at least interested in which one it is?
Answer it.
Yeah, but she had divine guidance.
My third grade teacher at the convent shot better than that.
No, she can come in tomorrow... gonna want to know a lot of things...
She's in no shape to give her statement tonight...
"Spokes<u>person</u>."
That was Bundy.  He killed forty of them, identical, long hair, parted in the middle, alike as Barbie dolls.  ...this is hopeless.  Let's try to get time for a police spokesman to appear on college radio and TV hookups and broadcast a warning?
So I'm maybe gonna lose three good cops?  You fucked up on this occasion, but don't be so hard on yourself.  There's something I want you to think about.  The book says if you use your gun, use it to kill, that's what it's meant to do. You tried to pick this punk off with fancy shooting, to keep him alive.  To what end?  You're not willing to kill, you can't be a cop.  Go get drunk.  I am.
You want mine, too?  You take his, you take mine.  I'm the one fucked it up...
Nikko?
Give me Ruben back...
Saks.  If he knew you did that! They're all asking me, 'what is she doing,' as it is.
Or the F.B.I.?
You have no authority to make a deal like that.  That' s for the D.A...
I'm gonna drop charges on the break-and-enter at Hudson's...
How'd you get in on the deal?
You got a suspect...
The prowler in Hudson's apartment turns out to have a meeting with a suspect...
I gotta have Ruben, and a...
I didn't want the Illigals, I wanted just the bastards dumping them in the harbor.  What's keeping those bums at Immigration?  Nightmare in here...
Give him <u>that</u>pompous son of a bitch.
Just, I need results.  And -- I am short-handed.  Who else am I gonna give him?
If this is a first step in kicking me off the case, just tell me, to my face, sir, don't waste time being diplomatic.
Teach both of them a lesson in cooperation and self-discipline.
What does this mean?  Now we got the FBI, my team is expendable? I'm working my ass off, is anybody listening?  Why Ruben, anyway?  He and Nikko don't even get on together...
M.J., I'm going to have to borrow Ruben.  The alien-smuggling thing in Chinatown is going down tomorrow night and Jack's kid got hit by a car.  I gotta give Ruben to Nikko.
Because I think I'm wrong.
What the hell you need her for?
Helen Hudson...
Where you going?
I'm sorry it had to come to your attention.  I am dealing with it.
Okay, now what about your sidekick punching my favorite detective? What the hell is going on?  You got no discipline in your operation.
You're damn right I do.
Christ.  How old are you?  You sure you want to be in this line of work?
It's not the same guy.  It should be a self-solver.  No bow around the neck, left and body outdoors, completely different.  The others were housewives, secretaries, he talked his way inside, killed them in their own living room or bed- or bathroom.  This one didn't have a husband or a boyfriend, no family, temp waitress, 3 arrests for misdemeanor dope offenses, DUI, asphyxiation probably from a plastic bag over her head.  Sexually assaulted.  The others weren't molested that way.  We're waiting for the sperm tests...
So what have we got?
With the F.B.I. there's no such thing as a little help.  They bury you with help.  Explain to me about this virus, no don't tell me about the virus.  Thing is, you saw it, the pictures.
We could use a little help.
What?  I talk like a cop, this is the way I talk.  I can't believe this guy.  Saks.  He's a Deputy Assistant Director of the F.B.I. "Let me help you!"
Oh, maaaaan?!
Or for some new nutcase to copycat the copycat.
So.  Do we tell the media and hope for somebody to come forward with information?
I know.  Get out here.
I'm checking out anybody who lives like DeSalvo.  Records of arrests for rape, especially by a man wearing green.  Checking out psychiatric hospitals for his personality profile.  Cross check- ing names from arrests for sexual offenses, public fondling.  If they've got a German wife.  We can keep cops working on this kind of junk for years, and this guy's going to hit again, soon.
Who've I got to beat up except the messenger?  Does this give us anything to go on?
Don't swear at me because we got problems.  I'm just giving you the news.  I went to a Catholic school; I'll tell you what they teach.  On the knuckles they teach.
Yessir.  I have reflected on that, sir.  Which explains my gushing deference to you, sir.
You ever reflect how this big explosion in dead women coincides with the flowering of women's lib?
Yessir.
Sergeant?
That's always your privilege, sir.
How about I put Nikko on it?
Anybody in this department ever worked a serial killer case?  She's the expert.  I need help.
I'm <U>telling</u> you.  Don't you <u>ever</u> address me publicly in that tone. You'll work what and <u>who</u> I tell you to work.
Would you step outside, Sergeant?
What clues?  I'm going to work Helen Hudson.
What are you looking at that for? Helen Hudson.  Work the clues.
The same as the firs two. Definitely a serial.
There was no sperm.
Good.
We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead!  Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass.
Right.
This is the anniversary of the summer of love and your city fathers have declared a Festival of Love.  The Mayor and Chamber of Commerce don't want TV announcing killers on the loose.
Right.
You didn't say serial killer and I didn't say serial killer.
I said you were...
Am I in charge of this thing?  Or not.
I tagged the goddamned stocking. It ain't lost.  We're sequestering that evidence.  That's the trap some son of a bitch is going to fall into...
Shut up.
You messed with the scene.
We're going to review all the evidence carefully before making any statement...
Inspector, will you confirm somebody is copying the Boston Strangler?  This is the fourth, is that correct?
What's this about the Boston Strangler, M.J.?
Detective Niccoletti?
You messed with the evidence.
... third Bay Area woman has been strangled, but the police continue to deny that this is the work of one killer.  Lt. Thomas Quinn declares that the murders will be treated as unrelated crimes, unless new evidence...
I just got here.  Talk to you later...
...confirm this third murder adds up to a pattern?  Do we have a serial killer on the loose in the city?
I just got here myself, Susan.
What's going down with the sting in Chinatown?  That gonna be off your plate in a week or what?
I don't want the job.  Don't do that to her.  She's worked too damned hard for it.
Then you shoulda known she wasn't buying.  She was just long-term leasing' you.  Ah, Nickie.  Except for that rare twenty-second twitch, there ain't nothin' about sex I don't hate. But of course, I'm Irish.  Plus I got <u>real</u> problems.  I'm worried I might have to put you in over M.J.  There's something going on here, the Commissioner is targeting her now, I can't leave a woman in that position.  But the thing is, how can I move <u>you</u> in, if you go on acting like a teenage asshole?
She knows I'm Catholic!  She never mentioned divorce!  Not once!
Don't give me six years!  You never divorced Patty, did you?  So what'd you expect from M.J.?
We were together six years, sir!
She left you, Nikko.  She's not your responsibility.  She takes very good care of herself.  If she wants to romance the kid, it ain't your business.  Your business is to snap out of it.
He's not treating her right...
That's what I don't know.  Why would you lie?  That's the problem... I can't understand why anyone would lie.
She lies all the time.  Why would I say I fed her if I didn't?
She doesn't lie!  You sure you fed her?
Yes, I fed her.  If she says she's hungry, she's lying to you.  Again.
See, now you've annoyed her.  You know she doesn't like you to touch me.  Does she, widdle wee fing!  Wuhve you so much!  Did you feed her?
You know I don't like to watch talk shows by myself.  Where're you?
Why don't we save it for later? It's almost time for Letterman.
Put in the Kevin Costner.
