James.
I think he'll be waiting for us at the airport
Not yet. It's only beginning.
I'd like to go back. James...
The traffic... where is everyone? They've all gone away.
One of my suitors.
One of your suitors?
I wasn't driving. I'd left the car in the parking lot at the airport. Could it have been deliberate?
My last lesson's next week.  James... my car...
I thought that was you, up there.
I'd better come with you, then. Are you sure you can drive?
At home. I couldn't face all this traffic.
You'd better drive him. He's a bit shaky. I'll follow in my car. Where is yours?
Vaughan isn't interested in pedestrians.
They're questioning Vaughan about an accident near the airport. Some pedestrian... they think he was run over intentionally.
Is he circumcised? Can you imagine what his anus is like? Describe it to me. Would you like to sodomize him? Would you like to put your penis right into his anus, thrust it up his anus? Tell me, describe it to me. Tell me what you would do. How would you kiss him in that car? Describe how you'd reach over and unzip his greasy jeans, then take out his penis. Would you kiss it or suck it right away? Which hand would you hold it in? Have you ever sucked a penis? Do you know what semen tastes like? Have you ever tasted semen? Some semen is saltier than others. Vaughan's semen must be very salty...
I think it's badly scarred too. From a motorcycle accident.
Have you seen his penis?
No. But when he's in that car...
Would you like to tuck him, though? In that car?
He's very pale. Covered with scars.
Do you find him attractive?
It does.
He must have tucked a lot of women in that huge car of his. It's like a bed on wheels. It must smell of semen...
Maybe I am a little.  James, I've got to leave for the office. Are you going to be all right?
You're not envious?
I'm amazed that she'll let you drive her.
I thought she might come along. Handling a car again might be more tiring than I imagine.
I've never really noticed. Is Renata going with you?
Is the traffic heavier now? There seem to be three times as many cars as there were before the accident.
How can you drive? James... your legs. You can Barely walk.
I can't sit on this balcony forever. I'm beginning to feel like a potted plant.
Renata tells me you're going to rent a car.
No, I couldn't. I feel too close to her.
What about his wife? The woman doctor? Have you visited her yet?
I wish I had. They bury the dead so quickly - they should leave them lying around for months.
You should have gone to the funeral.
Minute flecks were spattered across the seat and steering wheel. The instrument panel was buckled inwards, cracking the clock and the speedometer dials. The cabin was deformed, and there was dust and glass and plastic flakes everywhere inside. The carpeting was damp and stank of blood and other body and machine fluids.
After being bombarded endlessly by road- safety propaganda, it's almost a relief to have found myself in-an actual accident.
It is?
It's about time.
The sergeant asked me to identify it. He didn't believe you'd gotten out alive.
Have you seen it?
My car, not yours. Yours is a complete wreck. The police dragged it to the pound behind the station.
What!? They brought the car here?
Outside in the visitors, car park.
Where's the car?
He was a chemical engineer with a food company.
And her husband? What was he?
The other man, the dead man, his wife is a doctor - Dr. Helen Remington. She's here, somewhere. As a patient, of course. Maybe you'll find her in the hallways tomorrow on your walk.
Well, yes.  You're getting out of bed tomorrow. They want you to walk.
That's going well, then.
Yes. From Wendel. To celebrate, the license approval for our air-charter firm. I forgot to tell you.
Is that a gift from Wendel? It has an aeronautical feel to it.
I'll listen for you buzzing over.
If I groundloop during my flying lesson on Saturday you might wake up and find me next to you.
They consider this to be the airport hospital. This ward is reserved for air- crash victims. The beds are kept waiting.
Not a lot of action here.
Thank you.
There, that's better.
I've been thinking about that, about you and Karen.
Poor darling.  What can I do about Karen? How can I arrange to have her seduce me? She desperately needs a conquest.
We were interrupted. I had to go back to the set...
No. What about your camera girl? Did she come?
Did you come?
In the private aircraft hangar. Anybody could have walked in.
Where were you?
Yes.  They felt like traffic accidents.
And did you fantasize that Vaughan was photographing all these sex acts? As though they were traffic accidents?
Yes. I didn't plan it that way.
And you had sex with all of these men in cars? Only in cars?
The junior pathologist at Ashford Hospital. Then the husband of a colleague of mine, then a trainee radiologist, then the service manager at my garage.
Please finish your story.
I don't know. You can never be sure with Vaughan. This is his show.
Is this part of the act or are they really hurt?
When I first met Vaughan, he was a specialist in international computerized traffic systems. I don't know what he is now.
Oh yes. I thought he was a medical photographer, doing some sort of accident research. He wanted every conceivable detail about our crash.
That's Vaughan. He talked to you at the hospital.
Who is that? The announcer. Do I know him?
That's the point. Besides, I know I can give something now that I wasn't remotely aware of before. It's not a matter of duty so much as of commitment.
Isn't that rather too close...?
Yes.
The Road Research Laboratory? Where they simulate car crashes?
We sat in B massive traffic jam under an off-ramp. I don't think we moved more than fifty yards.  I'm thinking of taking up a new job with the Road Research Laboratory. They need a medical officer. The salary is larger something I've got to think about now. There's a certain moral virtue in being materialistic, I'm beginning to feel. Well, it's a new approach for me, in any case.
I've found that I enjoy burying myself in heavy traffic. I like to look at it. Yesterday I hired a taxi driver to drive me around for an hour. "Anywhere", I said.
Are we imagining it?
It's much worse now. You noticed that, did you? The day I left the hospital I had the extraordinary feeling that all these cars were gathering for some special reason I didn't understand. There seemed to be ten times as much traffic.
Look at all this traffic. I'm not sure I can deal with it.
Do you want a cigarette? I started to smoke at the hospital. It's rather stupid of me.
I work in the immigration department there.
So - why the airport?
I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want to.
I take it you're not wearing white to reassure them.
Not yet - though not soon enough for some people, I've already found. A death in the doctor's family makes the patients doubly uneasy.
The airport? Why? Are you leaving?
Haven't I? To the airport, if you could.
You haven't told me where we're going.
Can I give you a lift?  I somehow find myself driving again.
Were you badly hurt? I think we saw each other at the hospital.  I don't want the car. In fact, I was appalled to find that I have to pay a small fee to have it scrapped.
I don't think we should have come here. I'm surprised the police don't make it more difficult.
They said it was here. They told me this morning.
It's not here. Maybe the police are still holding it. Their forensic people...
After this sort of thing, how do people manage to look at a car, let alone drive one?  I'm trying to find Charles's car.
No, thanks. I'll go with Vaughan.
I'm going to leave now. Do you want a lift?
Hard to say.
What does he want from you?
You're not jealous, are you? You have to understand... Helen and I had this strange, intense... experience together.
Serious. But you'll have to take your new friend, the female crash-test dummy. She dropped it off for you.
You're kidding.
I suspect it involves reenactments of famous car crashes. You know, Jayne Mansfield, James Dean, Albert Camus...
Really? What kind of exhibition is it?
A complimentary ticket for a special stunt-driving exhibition. Definitely not part of the big auto show. There's a map in the packet and a note requesting you be discrete about the location.
What is it?
I can drive.
Can you drive?
Are you still involving me in your crash?
You were the last one I saw just before the accident. Do you remember? We made love.
I saw the blood. It looks like motor oil.
There's still a patch of blood there on the road. Did you see it?
I'm sure the police would make an exception in your case.
No.
Are we allowed to park here?
Where are you?
I need to see you, Ballard. I need to talk to you about the project.
You're right, Ballard. There's an all- night car-wash in the airport service area.
He must have driven through a pool of blood. If the police stop you again, they may impound the car while they have the blood analyzed. Vaughan kneels beside him and inspects the smears of blood.
A crude sci-fi concept that floats on the surface and doesn't threaten anybody. I use it to test the resilience of my potential partners in psychopathology.
What about the reshaping of the human body by modern technology? I thought that was your project.
It's the future, Ballard, and you're already part of it. For the first time, a benevolent psychopathology beckons towards us. For example, the car crash is a fertilizing rather than a destructive event - a liberation of sexual energy that mediates the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity impossible in any other form. To fully understand that, and to live that... that is my project.
It's very... satisfying. I'm not sure I understand why.
The case could be made.
Is that why you drive this car? I take it that you see Kennedy's assassination as a special kind of car-crash?
No, I mean a crash with a history. Camus' Facel Vega, or Nathaniel Nest's station wagon, Grace Kelly's Rover 3500. Fix it just enough to get it rolling. Don't clean it, don't touch anything else.
You could get your wish at any moment.
I've always wanted to drive a crashed car.
It's something we're all intimately involved in: The reshaping of the human body by modern technology.
What exactly is your project, Vaughan? ~ book of crashes? A medical study? A sensational documentary? Global traffic?
I live in my car. This is my workshop.
Do you live here? With Seagrave?
It's not the police. It's the Department of Transport. Internal politics. It's a joke. They have no idea who we really are
Why are the police taking this all so seriously?
Yes.
Crash victim?
