Once the emptiness in Amy's life is filled, the dream will go of itself. If a up to you, both of you. Only you two can bring her into a real world.. You must give her the friendship and love she craves.
How?
It's perfectly normal for a child to dream. I can see how a sensitive little girl, finding this portrait, would take the image of this woman and make of her an imaginary friend. That image dwells only in her imagination, and that image can go as quickly as it was born.
I can see it all...the very day it began. Amy was lonely; she was desperate for friendship. I remember the night she told me she had wished on her ring. That must have been the day she first wished for a friend.
What do you mean?
Forgive me, but it was superstition ...foolish, childish wishes...that started, all this.
It's been ages since I've even thought of a mummers' play. When I was in college we used to do them every year — St. George and the Dragon, all kinds of sword dances.
It's one of the clearest memories I have. Twelfth night...burning pine... and mummers' plays.
I love the smell of pine.
No. I only let her go with Edward.  It's alright.
Does she go up to the Farren's often?
But quite harmless, I'm sure.
Yes,  She's a little odd, I understand.
That the old actress -- Julia Farren?
Yes. As a matter of fact, I was on the point of telling you about it yesterday — about Oliver's first marriage — and his wife's death. It has so much to do with Amy — although he'll never realize it.
I didn't know Mr. Reed had been married before.
We don't even like them,  I've often thought of giving it away, but Oliver wouldn't stand for it.  It was his first wife's favorite picture.  She was an artist.
But you don't keep a cat, do you?
But it is a part of our lives too --a part of our past, It's a Goya reproduction. Those three cats --  are supposed to be the most beautifully drawn cats in Western art.
I know how it is.  My Dad collects miniature canon.
Oliver's pet,  I'm sure it would be the first thing he'd grab if we ever had a fire.
Hello. I just met Amy and she pointed out where you live.
Oh, hello.
I'd love to.
I'm so glad to have met you at last. You're just as nice as Amy told me you were.  I hope you'll come to see us.
That's exactly what I told Mr. Reed, but he insisted upon remaining home from business to talk to you, Miss Callahan.
to a situation) Really, Mr. Reed, there isn't anything to worry about. It was only a slap --
All right, Amy.  Go tell Edward to take you.
But it won't be Christmas tomorrow.
Wouldn't it be just the same, darling, if daddy dropped the present at Mrs. Farren's on his way to town tomorrow morning?
Mommy, could Edward take me to Mrs. Farren's house to give her her present?
You can't open it yet. You have to put all of them under the tree until morning.
Oh, thank you, darling.
All right, mommy.
Look! Why don't you run out and play? The sun's shining.
Irena.
Irena.
What's her name?
She was very pretty.
It was right there on top. Isn't she pretty?
Where'd you get this, darling?
I had my breakfast while you were still asleep.
Edward will give you your breakfast, Amy.
Sh! Then you must keep it true. Goodnight, darling.
But it's already come true.
You mustn't tell anybody, or it won't come true.
I got my wish anyway.
Well — the mother or daughter -- whichever one gave it to you. You ask Edward to go with you.
I really don't know, but I do know that you must return the ring. You get Edward to take you up there and bring it back to the old lady.
Are they nice?
No dear. I don't know them, but I've heard about them.
Do you know the people?
The Farren house
On the back street — a green house
Someone gave it to you? Where was this old house?
At the old house with the voice.
But where did you get it, Amy?
That's what I wished on. Edward says it's a wishing ring -- and it is!
Where did you get this ring?
I made a wish today, and it came true just like Edward said it would.
Sometimes.
Did your wishes ever come true?
Oh, lots of times.
Did you ever make a wish?
Yes, darling.
Mommy --
Oh, you'll remember it some time.
The song I was trying to hum. The song my friend, taught me.
What song, dear?
I suppose any note, no matter how sour, is a song if you hold on to it long enough.
I wasn't saying anything. I was singing.
What are saying, darling?
I can make wishes like this come true.  I'll be just like Daddy wants me to be -- play with the other children -- not sit around by myself — tell the truth --
But Edward, in this kind of a wish that doesn't matter.
You know what I wished, Daddy? I wished I could be a good girl.
You get your wish!
We've got to go on.  Amy, here, all this time, you've let your mother and father think you had forgotten that old dream life of yours. Now we find you've only kept it secret.
Oliver, please. Let's not go on with this. The child's trembling.
That darn kid. I never in my life expected her to get an A in arithmetic. Math's is a practical science --- if she understands figures, she's well out of her own world of make-believe.
What's funny?
I suppose so.
Some day I'm afraid we're going to have to tell her about Irena.
Amy picked it off the top of that stack. Perhaps you'd better go through the whole bunch. There may be others of Irena in there.
Where did you get it?
Well, you know where it is.
I haven't had my breakfast.
I'm sorry. I was somewhere else. He returns to the card game.
It's your play.
What?
Ollie.
I thought Amy was calling. I guess not.
What is it, Alice?
I'm not shouting at you, but there's no doubt in my mind that you spoil this child!
You're shouting at me.
I'm never unfair.
You mean you didn't. It seems to me the least you could do. You can't just jump at conclusions that way. You're being unfair.
Well, it seemed to me --
Did you hear the child out?
Amy's been lying again.
My, my, what a coil we're in! What's this all about?
But they must have.  Amy and I made them out together.  You mailed them, didn't you, Edward?
I called not only the Boyds but the Irvings.  Neither of them received invitations.
What do you mean?
Something's haywire,
That's right.
I think I should.  3000W?
All right, Ollie.  Go ahead. Call the Boyds...3000W...see if their darling Donald has left.
No kids yet.  Something's gone wrong. Maybe I ought to call somebody.
Oilie, that's for the children to play with.
Times have changed.
Gosh, in my day kids arrived at birthday parties before anybody was ready for them,
Yes, darling,
It's nearly a quarter after four. The party was for four, wasn't it?
It's early yet.
Where is everybody?
I forgot I had it on.
Why don't you take off your hat and stay awhile?
Darling, no father could be nicer to a child than you are to Amy.
You make me sound like the father in "East Lynne."
I know, dear.  I understand. But try to worry a little less about her -- be a little easier in your thinking.  And especially today — let's forget about it. We want a really bang-up birthday party, don't we?
No.  It's not that.  It's because I know what can happen when people begin to lie to themselves -- imagine things. I love Amy too much to let her lose herself in a dream world where butterflies become pals. I saw what happened to Irena with her Cat People.
That's why I can tell you, straight out, you think too much about Irena -- blame yourself for her death.  And its your thinking and brooding about her that makes you so unnaturally concerned about Amy.
I know that.
I'm not a jealous woman, Oliver.
All I have to do is look at Amy's eyes, blue and deep like yours.
She's not Irena's child -- there's nothing of Irena in her. She's my child.
I'd hate her to grow up like that.
I'm sure I don't, Alice.  It's something else -- something moody -- something sickly --  She could almost be Irena's child.
I wonder if you don't resent that in her?
Well, it shows imagination, anyhow.
You do that, Edward.
She said something about that, Mrs. Reed — but she didn't tell me it was the Farren house. I'll get my other hat and coat and go over there.
But I told her to go with you.
Is that where she got the ring, Mrs. Reed? She shouldn't be up there.
That's the Farren house.
No, she went runnin' off to some old house she was talkin' about yesterday.
I thought you were with Amy.
And you should.  Your mommy tells me you've been such a good girl, and your daddy is so pleased with you.
I got lots of presents.
Maybe I'll drop in and see your Mommy.
I live right here.
No, darling, I hadn't intended to.
Are you coming to see us. Miss Callahan?
Hello, Amy.
Mommy's having a party for me. I asked Robert, and Donald, and Lois --
Your birthday, Amy --  as she goes) -- and I have something for you in my locker. A present.
It's late, Mommy -- you haven't forgotten my birthday party.
Tell me tha real truth. You can see my friend, can't you?
Yes, darling.
Daddy?
She's upstairs.. .the lady who lives up there.
But there's no one here, darling.
Yes, she was afraid. She said there was someone who wanted to kill me.
I have eyes too, and I tell you no one's there. If you deny that, if you insist that this woman you call your friend is in the garden, then I'm afraid I shall have to punish you. Do you understand?
But...
Listen, darling. I want you to look once more. Take as long as you want. Look very carefully, and then I want you to tell me that no one's there.
But Irena is in the garden. She's right there, under the tree.
Amy, there's nothing there. There's no one at all in the garden.
Don't you see her?...Right there, under the tree.
Where, Amy? Where do you see her?
She's there, just like I said she'd be.
She's there whenever I call her!
In the garden? Would she be there now?
It isn't a secret. She plays with me. She plays with me in the garden all the time. Right out there in the garden, she does!
Because she is my friend.
Amy, answer me. Why did you call her your friend?
Why, daddy, you know my friend too!
Yes, Amy?
Daddy!
This one hasn't got a name on it. Who's this one for, Amy?
She gave me a ring, so I'm giving her a ring. I paid twenty-five cents for it, too.
And this one's for Mrs. Farren.
Just you wait!
This one says, "To Mother from Amy."
These are all from me.
You're upset about me -- I made you fight --I hate for you to fight.
I'm sorry. Daddy and Mommy are a little upset.
Voices from an old dark house!
No, I didn't.
Let me be the judge of that.
Daddy, it's true.
Now look, this is the last time you come to me with any such stories — I'm sick of this sort of thing.
It was just a voice.
And who did the voice belong to?
It's true.
Now Amy
I did.  I came to an old dark house, and a voice called to me -- a lovely, sweet voice ---
Why didn't you run after them?
They ran away.
Because you didn't ask them?  I don't blame them for being angry. Why didn't you explain what happened?
It was on account of the birthday party.
What do you mean you didn't play with the other children?
But I didn't play with them, Daddy.  They wouldn't play with me.
Can't you tell me later?
I wanted to talk to you,  I wanted to tell you about the other children.
What do you want. Amy?
But this is different.  Go on blow,
But you told me in the garden-- that the wish about the tree couldn't come true.
Certain wishes do.
But wishes don't come true.
Amy, make a wish.  Wish real hard, and then blow out the candles, and your wish will come true.
But, Amy, that was just a story; it wasn't real.  That tree's no mailbox.
I didn't forget.
But I told you about that so long ago; you couldn't have been more than three when I told you that tree was a magic mailbox.
Yes, daddy.
Amy, not that old tree!
I'll show you.
Where did you mail them?
Yes, I did.
Did you mail then?
Yes, daddy.
Amy, you remember the party invitations Edward, gave you to mail?
You'll see it when it's all lit and ready for you.
Is that my birthday cake? May I see?
Well, I guess we're not a very proper family.
We open ours on Christmas Eve. That's considered proper.
No.
My goodness, don't you open your presents until Christmas morning?
I don't know yet.
What'd you get for Christmas?
Death's like life. Death's a part of life. It isn't frightening. It isn't the end of everything. It isn't quiet and nothingness. It's a part of all eternity.
But why?
Yes, Amy.
You?
But, Amy!  Amy...I'm dead.
Oh, it is, it is! Death's terrible.
Amy, listen to me. Death isn't such a terrible thing.
But she's dead!
You mustn't be afraid.
She's dead! I know what it is now when people say somebody died. I know what they mean! And I'm afraid. She's dead; she's dead!
Don't cry, Amy.
It's you...Irena...my friend!
I want to touch it.
It is wildness and freedom. No one can touch it.
May I pet the deer?
It's a warm breath -- warm and strong — warmed by the sunlight that shone on the deer's back in the hot summer; sweet with leaves and mosses.
I can sea its breath in the cold.
Because it knows it can move with the swiftness of strong wind.
It stands so still.
You wanted to share this moment with me.
So beautiful, Irena. So beautiful.
A merry Christmas to you, Amy.
Merry Christmas.
Oh, please!
You and I shall enjoy Christmas together. Shall I show you my Christmas gift to you?
Oh, that is more beautiful than I ever imagined it!  I wish I could show you to mommy and daddy.  I wish you could enjoy Christmas with us.
I shall wear it in my hair!
It reminded me of you, so I bought it. It cost me more than all the others.
Oh, how beautiful!
You can open it now, I guess. Lois Huggins says that's proper,
Oh, thank you, Amy.
Merry Christmas, Irena.  I brought you a present.
Oh, but the winter's fun. There's the wind and the snow. You'll like the warm fire upon the hearth, and the long, long nights.
Yes, winter's coming.  I don't like the winter,
All right, Amy.  Button your sweater, darling. It's turning cold.
My dolls. We can pretend.
Your children?
No, I don't think that's very much fun. Let's play house instead.  You be the friend who comes to see me.  I'll show you my children.
Pretend, darling.  It's All Soul's Eve.  Round about the fire we go...  Over the flames we leapt
But we don't have any sea weed.
light shining) in her eyes) Throw sea weeds into the flames, and the fire turns blue!
That one's an elm.
There's an oak leaf.  Add a maple.
Of course,
This is more fun than just pretend.
That's right!
Yes, yes! I see Prince,
Of course. And Two is the prince who kneels before her on one knee.
A princess?
Oh yes they do.  Look.  One is like a tall princess.
The numbers simply don't mean anything
But you must!
I'll just never learn arithmetic.
Can't you get it, darling?
Whenever you want.
You'll always play with me?
Oh, I like the sound of that.., Amy and her friend... Amy and her friend.
No. This must be a friendship that only we shall have... you and I... Amy and her friend.
Not even Daddy...or Mommy?
For always, then. Only you must promise never to tell anyone about me
I shall want you for always.
For as long as you'll let me.
Will you be friend for always?
I can not tell you.
But where is that?
You wouldn't understand. I come from great darkness and deep peace
But where do you come from?
I've wanted a friend too. I've been lonely.
I've wanted a friend.
I'm your friend.
Irena. But who are you?
You called me by my name.
Who are you?
But where has it gone?  Where's all the strength and the quickness?
It got hit.
But it was alive — it was fast and strong!
Because it can't. It's dead.
Why is it just lying there? Why doesn't it get up?
Probably hit by a car. Hard to see things in the twilight.
But what happened to the little deer?
Bad luck to see death in the snow.
But I saw what it was. It's the little deer.
Mustn't look, little miss. Mustn't look.
It's a hard winter. All the animals are bold as brass, coming down into the streets for food. You'll see a lot of deer this winter.
There was a deer on the other side of the fence.
But I don't want you coming here alone. You get me to go with you when you want to come here. You promise?
But she's such a nice lady.
Little miss, don't you never come here alone. You gave me a fright, you did.
But Mrs. Farren just started to tell me a story. Please.
About time for you to come home, Amy.
That means I can go alone?
I do suppose so. But if you were there yesterday, guess you can get there today.
You're going to be busy all day long, Edward.
Soon as I finish.
Will you come soon?
You just wait until I finish here. I've got to dust these ships for your Dad.
But I want to talk to you. Mommy says for you to come up to the old house with me. I've got to take back this ring.
Little miss, you're stopping me in my work.
Oh, I suppose it was to the wind you sang, or maybe to the sun, or the clouds, or maybe it was to the flowers in the garden.
I wasn't singing to myself.
Let me take another look at that ring.
I'm trying to.
Been crying? That won't please your Daddy. You'd bettor cheer yourself up.
That's the clever way to do it.
Well, if it's a real mourning ring,. I'm going to think hard for something I want more than anything else in the world before I wish.
They're given to the living in memory of the dead.  If this is a real one -- I can't be sure -- you can make a wish, and it will come true in the twinkling of an eye.
the ring up to him) What's a mourning ring?
Maybe, if it's a real mourning ring like we have in Jamaica. All you got to do is turn it on your finger, close your eyes, and make a wish.
A ring that I can wish on like I wished on the candles?
I wouldn't be surprised if it were a true wishing ring.
It's a pretty ring.
Most surely that was a nice lady to give a ring to a little girl.
A lady threw it to me.
That's a fine-looking ring.
Look at my ring.
Mommy's taking me upstairs to change my dress right away.
Getting the yard all fixed up for your party, Amy. You'd better hurry and get yourself fixed up too.
I can't do it! I can't do it!
Hurry!
Yes, yes -
Hurry, hurry.
My little girl said she'd kill you if you came to see me. I can't let you die. We'll have to hide you.
Hide me? Why?
No, not people -- just deer and game, but the people he catches can never be free again. They too must kill and kill, covering themselves with blood.
And does he kill people?
Don't you read Shakespeare?
Who's Herne the Huntsman?
Don't you hear it?
What?
A Christmas present. It's been so long since I've had a Christmas present.
I brought you a present. Merry Christmas.
Good.
He'll let me stay, Mrs. Farren. He'll let me stay.
It was shot off long ago in the great battles that were fought here; with the British on one side and the Americans on the other.
Why hasn't he got a head?
The Headless Horseman --
Do you know the story of "The Headless Horseman?"
Mommy read it to ne.
Then I'll tell you a story — a lovely story. Do you know the story of Rapunzel?
I like stories.
One little piece of cake won't hurt you. Go ahead, take one. It's full of fruit...citron, cherries and ginger. It'll make you dream. Yes, wonderful dreams.
No, thank you.
There you are. Take some cake, why don't you?
That woman is an imposter, a liar, and a cheat. How do you like your tea? </PRE><PRE>                                AMY Well... .sometimes I got a spoonful of tea in a cup of hot milk.
Who is she?
She's always spying on me. She creeps into the room. She lives upstairs, yet she's always watching me — always!
The ring? We'll have no more nonsense about the ring.
But I only came to give back the ring.
Stranger? Julia Farren a stranger. Why I've played every theatre from Boston to San Francisco. I've been to London and Paris. Those days — those beautiful, shilling, golden days.
But my mother says I mustn't accept gifts from strangers.
Return it to me? Indeed you may not. I gave it to you as a present.
If you were the lady who gave me a ring, my mother says I have to give it back to you.
I've been watching you. You couldn't see me, but I could see you. It was like peeking through a slit in the curtain before the play began. You would be a very good audience. I can see that.
Good night...Barbara...
Good night, mother, good night.
I'll not see her, Barbara. I promise.
If that child comes here...if I find her trying to steal your love from me...I'll kill her. Yes, I'll kill her:
I-shan't see her. No, Barbara, no.
There's another promise you must make me. That little girl who comes here...she mustn't ever come to see you again. Promise me you won't see her.
Yes. Yes, Barbara, I shan't forget.
Promise me you won't forget tomorrow. You'll remember, won't you? You won't say that it was just a dream. Promise me.
Yes, Barbara... Barbara...
Mother! You called me by name!
It was pale...a shadowed gold.
And my hair...what color hair did Barbara have?
Yes...yes, that's true.
And my eyes...my eyes are gray. Look! You see!
Gray. They were a lovely, lovely gray.
Look at me. Look at me, mother darling. Look into my eyes. What color eyes did Barbara have?
Anybody could know that song.
Oh, doesn't that prove something to you? Doesn't it?
My Barbara was killed. I killed her. Yes, it was my fault. Everyone told me not to drive from the theatre. There was a raging wind that night, and snow and ice. All was well until we got to the Sleepy Hollow bridge. Barbara was singing a little song and then ...I don't know how it happened ..when I awakened, they told me the car was overturned, and they wouldn't let me see Barbara. Barbara was dead.
But I am Barbara. I didn't die.
The storms have done everything they can to me, I don't hate them. I don't even hear the wind. It blows beyond me. It was on such a night as this that Barbara died.
I hate the storm. I hate it!
My daughter died long ago.
You didn't even open my present and I'm your daughter.
Look at me.
My daughter, Barbara, died when she was six. That was long ago. You're only the woman who keeps care of me. I know you.
Such a brief visit, but dear child, it has made my Christmas very merry.
It's dark. We'd better be getting on. The family will be waiting.

What is it, ma'am?
Wait a minute. Listen.
It's some animal hurt in the woods that made that sound.
That's from her -- that woman.
There's a present you haven't opened yet, ma'am.
Come away, Amy.
...At the hour of midnight, down the road that goes through Sleepy Hollow, across the bridge, he goes galloping, galloping, always searching, always seeking
Little miss, you can't stay here. You've got to come with me.
On the dark nights — on the stormy nights -- you can hear him. He passes like the wind; The flapping and fluttering of his great cloak beating like gaunt wings. The thunder of his horse's hooves is loud, loud and louder, beating hard, beating strong on the frozen ground as he comes riding, riding, riding.
Now, I don't know Amy --
Let the child stay.
Good heavens! What could you be giving me. Little Miss?
"To Daddy from Amy." Here's one for Miss Callahan. This one says, "To Edward from Amy.".
Indeed I did. Up and down the garden she went, laughing and singing to herself.
That's because she made a promise, and she'a keeping it, aren't you, darling.  You saw the way she played this afternoon, Edward.
I didn't even have to coax her tonight.
So do I, Mr. Reed.
I like to see her happy.
Amy looks happy — seems almost as if she were playing with another child; like somebody else were running with her and playing.
She pleaded so to do it
And Amy mailed them?
Well, ma'am, the truth is, I gave them to Amy hersolf to post.
Go on -- out with you.
You won't have long to wait. In just a few minutes this house will be overflowing with boys and girls. Off with you now, Amy. Go out and watch from the gate for all the children who'll be coming.
Got more leaf mold now than we'll ever need, Mr. Reed.  I thought I'd burn 'em up and get the yard clean.
I thought we were going to save those leaves you were burning for the compost bin.
I imagine a child would have to commit murder or rob the Seventh National Bank of Tarrytown to be deprived of a birthday party.
When I first heard all that talk about you going down to the school to see the teacher I got really afeard.  I thought maybe you night call off this birthday party -- and me with the cake already in the oven.
Yes, everything's all right, Edward.
Everything all right down there at the school, Mr. Reed?
Perhaps she's wanted for understanding.
But we have. She's wanted for nothing.
She needed, a companion, so out of her own hunger she created one. In her mind her friend was in the garden. In her mind her friend never leaves her. Right this very minute I'm sure she's upstairs sobbing out her grief to a friend who exists only in her mind.
But there was nothing, no one in the garden.
But don't you see...it's just what I was about to say to Alice...Amy in her own mind may not be lying.
She refuses to deny it. She continues to believe in her lies.
We'll see that she gets there in good time
You'd better hurry.  I've left Amy in the car and she's getting impatient.  She tells me there's something especially important about a sixth birthday.
Amy has too many fancies -- too few friends. It worries me. It doesn't seem normal.
Well, that seems a harmless fancy --
No. Amy slapped Donald because he had hurt the butterfly -- and it was her friend.
Something to do with a butterfly-- they were quarreling about it.
I know it may seem stupid of me--but it isn't the slap I'm worried about -- it's the reason.
