Nooooo. Believe me. There are no others...no rebels...nobody...it's over...it's ooooo....
How did you know we were on this island? Do others know? Will others come?
To look...look for a place...a place to live in...an empty place...a... new...place...
Then why did you come here?
There are no...headquarters. There are no...rebels. Only the walking dead. Don't you see. They have won.
Where are your headquarters, rebel? Tell me or I'll let you hang there forever...FOREVER!
The mainland...is dead...a dead place...nobody there...
I don't believe you, rebel. Where are your headquarters? On the mainland?
Two of us...only two of us...me...and him. 
I'll bargain with you. How many of you are on the island?
NO...NOOOOOOO...SHOOT ME! SHOOT ME! SHOOOOOOOOOT MEEEEEEEEE!!!
After hanging up there a few days you will be mad for food...crazed! You will lust for it! YOU WILL BE WORSE THAN ANY OF THEM!
And if I don't? If I don't you'll come back after your death. You'll come back and find yourself hanging there...wanting to eat...needing to eat human flesh. You hate that thought, don't you? That's the ultimate sin for most of you fools, isn't it?
Please....shoot me.
Maybe. We'll have a little talk first. Then....maybe...I can help you out. String him up.
Please...senor...destroy me...one bullet...please.
Come on.
It can't be. Are we truly in hell?
Let's just....wait a minute. Get a better look.
What do we do? Let'em know we're here....or what?
Look.
It's some kind of....elevator. There must be something under the ground here....maybe....military.
I dunno. Landing pad for a helicopter? I dunno.
What is it?
No. I didn't stop the infection in time. I know.  Don't worry. When he dies, I won't be like Maria. I'll shoot him.
His madness....could be from shock.
Leave him.
Help me get him to the boat.
Hmmmmmm? Oh, yes. Go on.
You'd hold us back. We have to go on.
Oh, yes. Quiet. Yes. We must be quiet.
Quiet!
I know it hurts. But it won't be long. Then all the pain will be over. Oh, I wish you could hear me. GOD, GIVE HER THE EARS TO HEAR ME SO SHE KNOWS I DON'T WANT HER TO HURT SO!
I have looked bad for four years. Everyone in the world has looked bad for four years. Thank God looks don't matter as much as they once did.
Are you alright, Doc? You look... you look real bad.
The tunnel.
What is it?
You'll find the ways, Miss Mary. And when ya do...we'll sail on over to the mainland...or any other damn mainland fer that matter...and start us a recruitin' program. There's millions o' Bees out there jus' waitin' fer' a General ta lead 'em on ta vict'ry!
It's not a very big army. And small as it is you won't be able to continue feeding it for very long. We've got to find ways of getting them to respond without relying on...
There's no place like this place. Warm climate. This facility. Christ, there ain't nothin' like this no-damn-where! Even the Feds knew that. That's why they stored so much o' their shit down here. It's all mine now. All mine. Just let 'em try ta come after us down here, which they will some day...take a likin' ta what all we got an' come after us. They'll hafta get past my army! An army that ain't afraid ta die...ha ha ha...'cause it's awreddy DAID! HA HA HA HA....
We think there are other cities surviving. We think maybe Detroit... there's some signalling out of Philly.
The great state of Florida. People came here fer years ta die. Retire and expire. The rest o' the country used ta think we was nothin' but a bunch o' farts and fogies. Hah! Now this here's the new Capital o' the World! Hah! They came here...died...went to hell...and the Devil sent 'em back as an army. Hah! General Gasparilla's army...MY ARMY!
That's right. 'Bout eight, if that suits. We'll start out in my gymnasium an' progress on from there...to various other forms o' physical therapy.
Tonight?
gonna change, young lady. Now if you still got a statement you'd like ta make, you can jus' hold onto it 'til tonight.
Listen, Missy. I am the only due process that has ta be served aroun' tyere and one of the people doin' the servin' from now on is gonna be you. Now you been prancin' aroun' the Cave like yer ass was glass fer long enough! All that's
I'm sorry, General, if I...spoke out of turn. It's just that...Mr Tyler is not here to defend himself. He has no representation. I don't believe due process is being served by...
Now I think Captain's punishment is fair, considerin'. In fact I think you ain't got shit ta complain about.
SIDDOWN, YOUNG LADY! I DONE YUP A SHIT-LOAD O' FAVOURS AND I AIN'T NEVER YET ASKED FER NOTHIN' IN RETURN! NOW HOW'D YOU LIKE TA SPEND TWO WEEKS UP T'THE VEGETABLE FARM YERSELF? THAT'S WHAT IT'LL BE IF YA DON'T SIDDOWN AN' SHUT THE HELL UP!
THIS IS A TRAVESTY! CAPTAIN RHODES IS...
SHUT UP, MISS HENRIED! I TOL' YA B'FORE!
Sir. It's quite clear that...
MISS HENRIED, SHUT THE HELL UP!!!
...Captain Rhodes is trying to...
Miss Henried, I think you better...
Well, you managed ta make it here jus' in time fer this case, didn't ya?
I'm sorry. I was...busy. In the lab.
Well, Miss Henried, what a coincidence. You're just in time fer a case that seems ta concern you. Guess you didn't care about the other proceedin's we been dealin' with here this mornin'.
Forever, darlin'. Forever. 'Til he turns ta dust and blows away on the wind.
How long do we have to watch him?
It's...he was...one who came to the island with me.
What is it?
We're only about a quarter-mile from Cave entrance number five.
Looks like just two. We can take 'em when the time comes.
There's hundreds of 'em. Right where we landed our boat.
We always planned to use it. We got some ground up already...but we could never find enough.
Datura! Miguel knew it! Datura, he was shouting! Datura Metel!
Datura Metel. The Devil's Trumpet. Don't worry. I ain't goin' religioso again. It's a flower that grows on these islands. Where I come from the voodoo priests used it whenever they needed a Mickey Finn. It's toxic. Ground up you can put it in a drink or inject it...or...in a sealed area it might be introduced through the ventilation system.
What?
Datura.
Toby's right. They're not gonna sit around with their fingers up their asses while we bust up their toys.
He's just finding another reason for bumpin' us off. Don't ya see. He needs us ta die. He needs our bodies.
Let me go! I'm the one he wants. This is all happening because of me. If I turn myself in...
You disappear in here, darlin'. You get a knife in yer belly or too much shit in yer veins. You get lost out here and nobody's gonna notice. Rhodes, he counts on that. It all makes for food in the freezers.
They seem to be havin' a good time. Some punishment.
No. They just try to hold you for ransom. Fuck you, Moses! I'm outa here!
Farther than you think. You'll get lost. You will. And there's Bees all through the jungle. I ain't lyin' to ya. Religiosos don't lie.
I can find it myself. I didn't come that far.
You think you can find your boat? There's a thousand little inlets and backwaters all through here. You remember all the ways you turned to get where you are now? You leave yourself a trail?
Look. I BEEN fightin', mister. I been fightin' for what feels like a hundred years and I'm finished. I don't need religion. I don't need prayers. I need a couple guns and a couple hands. We can sail on outa here. Find another island where there ain't so much....traffic.
That's why we didn't use prayers on this here white coat 'til after he was destroyed. We ready to fight when we have to. And we gotta fight now.
Oh, what did I run into? A bunch o' Jesus nuts? Religiosos? Prayer won't stop a bullet from one of those storm troopers and prayer won't keep one of those monsters from eatin' your liver for lunch.
I'm sure that's true, miss. And that's why we're doin' what we're doin'. What's happenin' underground here is just what Lucifer planned for this sinful race o' man. But we're gonna beat Lucifer. We're gonna put an end to what's happenin' here.
We thought we were escaping here. We thought we'd found an uninhabited island. Christ! This place is a worse nightmare than anything I've seen yet!
That sounds like a curse to me.
It's a disease. It's a...a bug...a parasite that infects the brain.
What is it if it ain't a curse?
Curse?
How we gonna break the curse without a prayer or two.
The man I was with...until today... believed that praying was for blind men who couldn't see the truth.
I know you can. Like I said, we been watchin' you.
Thanks. I can fight my own battles.
Captain Rhodes and his Red Coat Bees. They could sting, sister. We know you came up against 'em. We been watchin' you since you landed. Couldn't help. I'm sorry for that. We ain't supposed to be outside. If we was spotted it could....well, it could be the end of everything.
We ran up against a platoon of soldiers. There were actually walking dead...in uniform...with guns.
That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing, nuclear power, all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army, of course.
Governor Dickerson? Of Florida?
He was a pirate who sailed these waters long ago. His name is bein' borrowed these days by the long lost Henry Dickerson.
Gasparilla?
Bees. That's what we call the dead... the walking dead...here on Gasparilla's island.
Come on!
What you wanna do?
That's the general alarm. Jesus! They musta got in!
Come on. Let's go.
That entrance is closest to the labs and the Bee cages.
I say it's poetic. Pure calypso, brother. The Devil's Trumpet blowin' the notes o' doom for the Devil's troops. Ha ha ha ha ha...
If you could knock out the central communications room you could foul up their whole intercom system. Then, if you move fast enough, stay ahead of 'em...without bein' able to signal each other, they might have a hard time catchin' you.
Quicker than gas. And it smells a lot prettier. It usually don't kill but it puts ya under fer a good night's sleep.
This stuff really works? No shit?
A direct hit'll blow the top off this whole island! How're you gonna fuse the stuff? How're you gonna leave yourself time to get out?
We know what's down there. We did the loading' and unloadin' when the stuff came ashore in the early days. A direct hit oughta do more than a few weeks worth o' damage.
What?
We're gonna blow up the powder magazine.
Oh, no. I'm tryin' to get off this island alive. I'll help you all I can but I'm not goin' in there on a suicide mission. What can you hope to accomplish? Some radios maybe? A supply room or two? You'll all be killed and in a few weeks they'll be back to business as usual. That place was built to withstand nuclear attack! What are you gonna do with a half-dozen guns and a few sticks of nitro?
We're hopin' you can show us where ta go, Toby.
It won't work. That's pure nitro you're dealin' with there. That stuff can blow if you look at is funny. What're you gonna do, walk into the Cave carryin' those tubes on feather pillows? You don't have a complete layout of the place. Even if you manage to avoid a fight you won't know where to go.
I got some fuel comin' out and, I hope, some automatic rifles.
I say we got a boat. Can you get other stuff?
What?
We got a boat.
There ya go. Complete with air canisters...little motors.
He's my contact for Chrissake! There's two crates. Can you get me into the hospital?
What'dya tell that soldier, soldier? You tell him we was rebels?
Maybe.
Yeah. My stuff's all marked with red crosses so nobody gets too nosey. Meet me at the hospital after the supplies come in. Maybe we can find a place there to talk.
The hospital? 
I'm gonna have this stuff sent over to the hospital...
Look...I know you have no reason to trust me. I've got friends in the Cave. I got some stuff comin' out this mornin'. I'm gonna try to get off the island.
Ain't no place safe.
It's alright. I'm a friend. I need help and so do you. What's a safe place to talk?
The purpose of decapitation is to preserve as much...food...as possible. The purpose for feeding is to keep the beasts on our side. The fact that they can be taught to clean up our garbage or to fire a gun is a convenient side benefit, not the primary goal. The primary goal is to keep ourselves from becoming their supper. Keep them fed and they behave. Keep them hungry and they revert back to being the animals that they have always been. You saw them in there.
I thought the purpose of decapitation was to...to...
They are brutes without feeling. Though I admit that I've requested cremation for myself. Burial is an archaic tradition, even more ridiculous now than it ever was. To say nothing of the...spacing problem...on a small island like this.
But...we bury the heads. Oh. God! It must be torture for them!
Any dead whose brains are intact will revive.
I didn't realise! Those were de-caps! I didn't know that....de-caps... revived!
No. You won't be able to do it. He will rise. He will rise and you... you will die.
You can believe this, Miguel. I'll kill you if you shoot. We must wait. I'll....I'll do it....I'll do it myself....when it needs to be done.
One day a dead man will refuse to return, and that man will be a saint. The first saint of our century. That's a prayer, too. A catechism. Something the priests tell us to believe.
We must wait. One day the curse will pass. One day a dead man will... will...
Prayers have no power to save. The knife can save. It can cut the disease away. The bullet. It can shatter the brain where the evil takes seed. These are saviours...our new saviours...our only saviours.
No. The disease was cut away from me. I will live. I will live.
You are dying, too.
He is dying. He knows it.
...but most of all because...they offend Thee, my God...Who art all good...and deserving...deserving of all my love...
NOOOOOOOOO!
I detest all my sins...because... because of Thy just punishment... because of Thy...just...punish...
Shhhhh....Tony. Rest, rest.
Aaaaaaah...my God...my God...I am heartily sorry...for having offended Thee....offended Thee...
PULL IN! GET THE OTHERS.
TONY....TONY....
I tol' him. I tol' him this is a dead place. Like all the others.
Dios mia.
Sir, Tyler is innocent of any crime against the State. Captain Rhodes is...
Sir. In the matter of the State versus Private Tyler, I don't want to...
No, Miss Science. You're the one who needs to do some thinking.
You better not mess with me, Rhodes. I'd love to serve your balls to those Red Coats for lunch! Think about it!
I had an unfortunate little run-in with him today. In fact...you might say that Mr. Tyler is in big trouble with the...authorities.
Rhodes, you and I had a roll in the hay together when I first got here. It was a wholly unsatisfying experience which I do not want to, and which I never will repeat! So give up, mister! I'm going home...to that roommate you mentioned.
Ah, yes, our noble Gasparilla does seem to favour you lately. I understand he assigned you a roommate of your choice. The rest of us have to pick names out of a hat.
If you put her on the shit list because of her reaction here tonight I'll go to Dickerson.
Oh, I have no doubt.
Julie Grant is a behaviouralist. She's not medical. She hasn't been as...exposed to...to things...as some of the rest of us. She'll be alright. I'll talk to her. She'll be alright.
And you're the one who builds the bomb and they says, 'I hope it'll never actually be used'.
You're....you're disgusting! You're....FILTH!
Leave me alone, you...COCKSUCKER!!!
You can't run away from the planet, Miss Science. You can't even run away from the island, heh heh.
They will never be satisfied with anything else, Miss Henried. They want human flesh. I'm prepared to take whatever steps are necessary to see to it they don't get mine! Not while I'm still using it!
You gave them a fresh taste of blood!
No wonder they're so....hungry.
You have ruined weeks of work here! We've been trying to wean these specimens onto alligator meat!
God has damned us all. Are my atrocities worse than yours?
God....damn you, Rhodes!
Come, come, Miss Science. You've seen worse.
MARY!
I'll have somebody's ass for this. I'll have your ass, soldier. I'm not gonna stand here and...
Mary.
For the good of mankind. That's what every monster-maker says.
I can work here. Maybe my work can help...help everyone. I can do more good with access to this equipment than I can off in some wasteland.
Need what? Civilised order like we have down here? Christ!
I am not...a guerilla fighter, Toby. I'm not a pioneer. I'm not...I'm not strong that way. I need...
We're both gonna leave. Leave the island. I've been talkin' to Tricks. We think we can smuggle out one of those inflatable rafts. They're crated up real small. They've got air canisters. There's food inside. Even a little motor.
I want you to leave. Then maybe...
Oh, bullshit, Mary. It's because Rhodes is a prick.
It's because of me.
That bastard. I didn't think he'd make his move so fast.
Some of Rhodes' men. At the door.
Hey. Slow down. What is it?
Toby...thank God...wait here. I gotta find out what's goin' on.
In the battle, sir.
It's been fired.
Let me see your weapon.
No, sir.
You fired that shot, didn't you?
Sir!
Step up here, Tyler.
I said, I'll take care of them. Just leave them there. Go help with the rest of the gear.
Just....following procedure, sir. They're entitled to burial.
No time for that. I'll take care of them.
My..."detail", sir. We're going to bury the heads.
Where are you going, Tyler?
I'm alright. Let's go.
Tricks...Jesus...
We need fuel, and a couple automatics.
Rafts. Two 38s. A little ammo.
What'dya get?
Not as bad as yours, pal.
Hey, Tricks. Some detail they got you on.
