They are all friends of mine -- from over the mountain.  Welcome! Help yourselves to drinks! Glad you could come! Have a good time.
Who are these people?
They're just outsiders. They want to see how fine Jabez Stone lives these days. They're waiting for your guests, too --
What are those people doing there? What do they want?
Oh --  Didn't mean to talk like that in front of a lady.  Get some wine for the Squire, Belle.
Jabez! Careful --
Hey, you! Watch out there -- you're scuffing my Brussels carpet -- Consarn them.
The -- folks or people, what's the difference among friends?
The people, Jabez -- the people.
Of course I will.
We'll cook 'em ourselves. You'll help me, Belle.
We will --
Golly, Belle, that was a good idea -- we should do that every morning.
No, Jabez -- your place is with your wife --
Let's dance together -- Belle.
No -- that's for me to do.
I'll take it.
From over the mountain --
Belle Dee. I'm from over the mountain.
That's my problem, Belle.
You think you're so smart, Mrs. Stone. You wanted to be near Jabez. It looked like your big chance tonight, but you're wrong, you can't win him back -- not that way.
I know -- and you could show me the door. You would, too, if you weren't still hoping the guests might arrive.
You know that you're in my house.
Lying to you -- Why should I?
You're lying.
I didn't.
I see why you're here -- you knew that nobody was coming.
He lied to me again.
That's my business. -- Now, it's all right, Daniel.  What did he do?
Thank you, Belle --
Belle --
No, thank you -- what's your name?
You're not resting well, are you? I know -- it's that music.  You need your sleep. Is there anything else you want?
I've brought you something to keep you warm, Mrs. Stone --
Jabez -- ?
No, siree, it didn't. And it won't -- no matter what happens -- just as long as the folks at the fair believe in freedom and Union. So --  Giddyap, Constitution -- and let's keep going, Mr. Stone.
But it didn't stop. I know it didn't stop. Granny told me it didn't.
You're wrong, Mr. Stone. There are people who live and die without e'er seeing it. They can't see the country for the money in their pockets -- And some think their state's the country, or the way they live is the country, and they're willing to split the country because of that. Well, I hope you'll meet all those, when you're grown. You'll meet the fire-eaters and the Circassian beauties -- that's part of the fair, to be sure. But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains.
Anybody can see that.
Well -- it's high and it's wide and it goes a long way and there is a wind blowing through it and a blue roof over it -- it's the hills up here and the rivers running south and the new States growing in the West.
What's that, sir?
Maybe you can, sometime, Daniel. I'm a farmer, you know, and like to show my farm -- but the thing I'd like to show you most, you'll have to see for yourself.
Golly -- I'd like to see all your horses!
No, Daniel -- they are not race horses. They are good old friends of mine. I call 'em Constitution and Bill of Rights, the most dependable pair for long journeys. I've got one called Missouri Compromise, too, and then there's a Supreme Court -- fine, dignified horse, though you do have to push him now and then.
Make them go faster, Mr.... ?
It does hurt! And don't you do it again.
Why? It don't hurt.
Daniel! Don't ever let me catch you doing that again!
And serve him right!
Well, I thought he'd come in the middle.
And what about Daniel Webster?
I think I'd like to begin with the fire-eater --
A varied list of attractions. And which would you like to see first, Dan'l?
'N Daniel Webster will be there.
Young man -- you got me there.
And two unpara-- unparalleled Cir-cass-ian beauties? What is that?
Guess there will, if it says so.
No -- but I can hardly wait -- Mister -- tell me, will there really be --  -- a man that eats fire?
It hasn't opened yet?
Gee -- that Fair --
All right, Daniel. Jump in.
Well, I wouldn't mind.  But my name's Daniel Stone.
Hello, Colonel! Want a lift?
All right, darling.
I don't want to be up there all alone, Mama.... I want to be with you.
Daniel! ... You must go to sleep.
Mama!
No, no, I don't want to go to bed. I want to be here for the party.
Daniel, you ought to be in bed.
Daniel! ...  I've stood just about as much as I can bear!
No! No! I won't.
Daniel give me that beanshooter!
It's mine, Ma! Pa made it for me -- and I'm not going to give it to anyone!
Yes, you did, Daniel! I saw it from the window. And then to lie about it! Give me that beanshooter, Daniel!
Not me! 
I see you! Riding pretty high, ain't you? Look out you don't fall off.
Grandma, look at me!
I did not, Grandma.
Lan's to goodness, what happened to that hen? Did you use that beanshooter again?
That's just too bad --
But I like the new one better.
Move? -- We are not going to move -- the old one is good enough for us.
Granny, when do we move to the new house?
Now don't you worry about that. You just leave it all to me. We won't talk business now ... just bear this in mind ... I'm not the man to get rich on other people's hard luck.... No, sir... not me! ...
Say ... about the interest ...
Thanks, Jabez -- I really wouldn't need very much ... if you could let me have some seed to start off with enough for spring planting ...
Not at all, Hank ... not at all. Glad to help you.
Don't I? ... Say, that's mighty white of you, Jabez.
Oh -- you don't have to go to Miser Stevens while I'm around.
Yes, but what does a farmer do if he don't want to get roped in some more by them loan sharks?
I don't know -- don't seem much of an idea to me.
Well -- here's how it is ...Tom Sharp, Eli Higgins and a couple of others been talking to me about -- that new sort of organization -- grange they call it. What you think about it?
Why, of course, Hank -- I've always got time for a neighbor. What's on your mind?
Kin you spare a moment for me Jabez?
Howdy, Hank.
Howdy, Jabez.
We'll be mighty glad to have you with us.
Why, thank you, Tom. I was going to ask you if you thought I could.
Jabez -- will you join our Grange now?
I'll look out for myself! ... Now go away -- leave me alone.
Well -- we don't mean to force you, Jabez Stone -- but -- it's only for your own good.
That farmers' association -- we were talking about the other day.
What Grange?
Howdy, Mr. Stone. We've come round to ask you if you made up your mind to join the Grange?
What do you want?
Black Dan'l?
Why not! There's a bill up in Congress to give us a uniform law of bankruptcy. Daniel Webster is fighting for it right now--
I am just thinkin' -- now they mightn't like the idea down in Washington.
That's fair enough, Jabez. Man's got a right to mull things over. We'll drive round again, week or so.
Sure does. But I'll have to sleep on it a couple of nights.
Yes, it's the debt and the lien and the mortgage that eats up the farmer!
Sure am.
Are you one of old Stevens' customers too?
Too bad it didn't happen to Miser Stevens.
Loan shark -- hey?
Belle --
Belle.
Never mind. What's your name?
But she is -- I've taken her place. Don't you remember -- you wrote me a letter. Mrs. Stone was too ill.
She couldn't be gone!
No. She's gone.
You're not -- Dorothy.
Stevens -- what's all this leading up to? You know something. Come on! Out with it -- you know something about me!
I do -- and I think you should too.
Huh? -- What's that?  Well -- what about it? Who cares, anyhow?
What if one hasn't a soul any more? What of that?
All right -- so it's buried with you!
Don't say that -- I know it is --
Why do you fret about something that isn't there?
But what becomes of our souls?
Are you plumb crazy, man! What do you think happens? We're buried -- that's all.
-- of what happens after we die!
Afraid ... of what?
You are afraid!
What's the matter with you?
Well -- it seems to me -- I remember when you paid me--
Almost seven.  No -- no, he's not seven yet I am sure --
What a fine boy you have, Jabez. How old is he now?
Now run along, Daniel.
I dunno -- I can't figure it out. I've invited them all. Why don't they come?
Where's everybody?
No, you're not.
Good evening -- I'm sorry, Jabez -- I'm a little late.
Some other time, Stevens.
Yes, I wanted to get here before the others.... I want to talk to you alone.
Hello, Stevens ... you're early today.
Mornin', Jabez ...
Doesn't satisfy, eh? Well -- that's too bad....
Real! Sheriff, you are a witness that this money is paid me voluntarily, and while it does not satisfy the mortgage, it has become my property.
You know -- some folks are just lucky. Others pick gold right out of the air.  Like that!
I'd like to know where you'd get it....
-- in gold.
No, Stone!
I barely managed to scrape up a bit for you. I thought if I made a kind of part payment --
Well, Stone -- have you got the money?
Stevens!
Gentlemen, the prosecution rests.
You know darn well it is.
But, Mr. Stone, I am hardly to blame for the pricking of your wholly unnecessary conscience.  Is this your signature?
Yes -- yes, I am the richest man -- too rich. I can't think of anything but money. That's the trouble with me.
That is highly irrelevant to this case, Your Honor.
Yes, I did -- but you tricked me into signing it! You told me my soul was nothing ... that I could forget all about a soul, in exchange for money. That was a lie, a lie, a lie.
Jabez Stone -- did you or did you not sign this document?
Never!
Are you willing to give me your son in exchange for an extension of our contract?
About what?
Well now, Mr. Stone, did you make up your mind?
Come, come, Mr. Stone, you are a little upset. It's not fair to bargain with you now. -- I'll give you until midnight, Mr. Stone, but not one minute more. Ah, then you'll come with me indeed.
No! No! No! Not him -- not my son -- I'd rather go with you -- right now.
I'm afraid that's hardly the sort of security I was thinking of --  You see -- there is that promising little fellow, your son ...
Anything -- anything. -- You can have it all back -- that money -- the new house -- my farm -- the whole caboodle!
Suddenly you seem quite desperate, Mr. Stone --  -- You know I'm a good-natured man. I'm always open to reason. With a little security -- I might--
Not now! Not now!  -- Let me make up -- let me make up.
Oh no, you violated clause five of our contract and I could collect right now, if I chose.
I have still a year -- a year to make up for everything.
What a headstrong fellow! Well -- I guess you're quite prepared to suffer the consequences.
I'm through with you.
Trying to break our contract again, Mr. Stone?
My time isn't up yet.
Small? Oh, I see what you mean. Why, they vary.  Now a man like Daniel Webster, if I ever get hold of him, I'd have to build a special box for him and even at that, I imagine, the wing spread would be astonishing.  In your case --
Are they all as -- small -- as that?
He was --
He ain't dead -- he's dancing in there.
.... Miser Stevens' soul, Mr. Stone. Yes -- I am sorry for the disturbance.
Just a minute, neighbor Stone. I promised you money and all that money can buy. I don't recall any other obligations. But let's look at the contract.
You promised me prosperity, happiness, love, money, friendship --
Why, Mr. Stone, you look so worried. Can I be of any service?
Oh, certainly. I shan't even come to the christening -- it would be tactless and in wretched bad taste.  But I may send a friend of mine -- just for old sake's sake. Yes, I might do that.
Leave your tongue off of that!
But you should, now that you are becoming a father.
I don't care.
Oh come, Neighbor Stone. I wouldn't cut that tree if I were you. It means a breach of contract.
Look here now--
Good evening, Neighbor Stone.
1840. Well, that'll take us to the seventh day of April in 1847.
The seventh day of April --
Yes, indeed. But not now. Not for seven years. Oh, I almost forgot -- what is the date?
Well, I'll be -- 
Excellent. A firm, fair signature. One that will last till doomsday.  My dear Neighbor Stone, I congratulate you! You're going to be the richest man in New Hampshire! 
A pin, Neighbor Stone! I'm afraid, you'll have to prick your finger -- but what's a little pain to a lucky man?
No, no! Give it to me!
Well, why should that worry you. A soul -- a soul is nothing. Can you see it, smell it, touch it? -- No! -- Think of it -- this soul -- your soul -- a nothing, against seven whole years of good luck! You will have money and all that money can buy. Upon my word, Neighbor Stone, if it weren't for my firm's reputation for generous dealing--
What does it mean here -- about my soul?
That's right, Mr. Stone -- there is --  -- just one little formality. I'd like your signature here -- see. And when it's done -- it's done for seven years.  It's our usual form. Of course -- we may be able to take up the question of a renewal in due time.
It's mine?
Yes, of course, people forgot -- or the men who knew about it died, you know how these things happen.
Yes, why shouldn't it?
Oh, you know the old story -- the Hessian wagon train that was ambushed on the way to Saratoga. Some of the gold has been buried under your barn!
Where did it come from?
A clever man like yourself -- he can find money anywhere. Money to pay his bills -- money for his wife and his children -- money to be a rich man. All he needs is a friend to point it out to him.  Like that!
Well, now, Mister, that sounds all right. But--
Of course. Why man, you have one of the richest farms in the county.  You just go about it the wrong way -- so many men do. Hard work -- well, that's all right for people who don't know how to do anything else. It's all right for people who aren't lucky -- but once you're lucky -- you don't work for other people. You make them work for you.
Opportunities?
You've had a lot of bad luck these days. And yet -- it's all so unnecessary. When I think of your opportunities --
You can't say that to me! I'm New Hampshire. If I say I called you, I did.  I guess I did.
Do you deny that you called me? I've known people in other States who went back on their word. But I didn't expect it in New Hampshire.
Breakfast ... Ah! ... Come along friends, Ma Stone's a cook this side of heaven.
Ma says breakfast's ready, Mr. Webster!
I know -- that was mighty queer Medford -- knew it the minute I tasted it. But it takes more than that to down Daniel Webster.
Well, I --
You were worried, Jabez, weren't you?
Oh, come, man, come. Just because you've sold your soul to the devil that needn't make you a teetotaler.
There's no joy in it for me.
There's nothing like it. I saw an inchworm take a drop of it once, and he stood right up on his hind legs and bit a bee. Come -- try a nip!
Then I'll just christen the jug, with your permission, Stone. Somehow or other, waiting's wonderfully shorter with a jug.
Not long -- now.
They make plucky women in New England.  H'm ... how long have we to wait?
Yes -- at midnight.
I see. And this is where he'd like to collect, too.
Yes, Mr. Webster -- it was here where it all began.
It's here you said that you closed the deal with him?
It's your fault! You brought Daniel Webster here -- just to try to make a fool of me! You played the sneak behind my back -- made up all sorts of lies against me! You can get yourself out of my home -- go back to the other house -- that old place, where you belong -- I don't want to -- to talk to you again!
No -- you haven't time -- You haven't time for your mother, or your wife, or your child.
I -- I don't know what you're talking about! I -- I haven't time to listen to all this --
I'm sorry you can't see that, I know you could once -- you made a little speech once, that I'll always remember and I know the others do too --  They remember and they see how you have changed. That's why they didn't want to come tonight to you, Jabez -- you're as blind as a Burma bat, with your gold pot! Mind you, it's not the money, I've been talking about, it's what you make of it.
They'd have a good neighbor, Jabez -- and that's worth much more than anything else -- much, much more!
Contracts? -- Yes, they have contracts with me -- lots of 'em -- but -- but that's all right. Without me and my money, they wouldn't have anything.
You, Jabez Stone -- you and a lot of poor farmers, hereabouts -- good men of the earth who are in trouble because of you. Or -- am I wrong about those contracts, Mr. Stone?
What -- what's on your mind?
That's just fine, Neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seats of honor -- where I sit, I mean. You see, the whole country sort of has its eye on me, Jabez -- anybody in public life has that difficulty -- even you, Jabez. They watch us carefully, our neighbors and our enemies, and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more. My friends all like to think that I've got the good of mankind always at heart, and I've got to make sure that those I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart, too. Do you know what I'm talking about, Jabez?
Well -- Mr. Webster! This is a great day for me. Come on in, sir. I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guests!
Well -- I'll be -- if it isn't little Mary Sampson from Franklin.
Mr. Webster -- I'd like you to meet my wife, Mary.
Eloquent speech, Neighbor Stone -- couldn't have done better myself --  -- under the circumstances.  Thank you.
Thanks, Mr. Webster!  To the champion of the whole United States -- Dan'l Webster!
Here's a man who knows what's good for Dan'l Webster! Medford rum! Ah, a breath of the Promised Land!  To the champion of the Iron Horseshoe, Jabez Stone!
Not at all, lad -- not at all.  For a good game of horseshoes I would always sacrifice fame and acclaim.
Seems like it's my fault, Mr. Webster.
I don't seem to be so very popular after all -- in Cross Corners.
Thank you, Mr. Webster.
You win. Will you ride to the village with me, Mr. Stone?
Ten throws it is.
Ten throws -- Mr. Webster?
Shake!
5000 -- that's just what I owe you.
How much?
Why not -- ?
Oh yes -- I am -- want to bet?
You are not so sure that he'll come.
That's fine. Now you can tell people all about the house, but don't mention Webster.
Well -- yes --
Now, Squire, you're not going to let me down. We still want to do a lot of business together, don't we?
You mean that's all you had me come out here for?
Yes  siree -- that's the idea. Get them all here and then say: "Look, folks -- here's Daniel Webster, my guest of honor." Golly, I can see their eyes pop already.
You want me to go around --
You keep that -- that's for you. I want you to talk up the party to make sure that the best folks really come.
You think that's a joke? I had him on there too, but I was afraid Dan'l Webster might feel insulted.
The only one you missed -- is the President.
Now look -- here's a list of the people I invited -- they're all the right kind of people -- or did I miss anybody?
Yes.
Yes -- and that's the reason I wanted to talk with you. You got my invitation?
Dan'l Webster?
Dan'l Webster is coming to my party.
Why of course --
Oh yes -- yes. Won't take a minute. Can you keep a secret?
Well, Jabez -- I'm a little pressed for time. You wanted to discuss something -- some business --
You really think so?
How do you do, Belle? How are you, Jabez?  Well -- mighty elegant house you got here.
Howdy, Squire! Howdy! Oh -- how do you do, Squire.
Well? Don't a politician have to be?
But -- I was just lucky.
Selectman? Selectman of the village? Me?
And so, Jabez Stone, in the name of the Whig Party of Cross Corners, we offer you the nomination of that party for Selectman.
Camomile tea!
Worst I had in years -- ahem -- starting a spring cold, I guess -- er -- don't happen to have a bit of camomile tea in the house, do you, Stone?
Headache -- Squire?
Oh!
Ahem -- Neighbor Stone, we want--
Mighty good of you to come out, Squire -- sparing all this time to --  Sheriff, too -- and Schoolmaster -- mighty nice.
Come right into the parlor, won't you, folks.
Ahem -- we want to have a little confidential talk with you, Neighbor Stone. Don't like to take a man away from his planting -- but sometimes --
Morning, Jabez.
Why -- good morning, Squire.
Shall we?
Coming along, Jabez?
Mary!
Jabez -- Jabez!
All right, Jabez ...
You must go now, Mary -- you must!
Oh, Jabez! ...  Did you hear, Mr. Webster? --  Now you'll help him, won't you?
Mary! Come back ...
Jabez!
Mr. Webster ... Wait! ...  Mary!
What's the matter with 'em? Why don't they come?
It's -- different, Jabez -- that's all.
Think this room is larger than anything Webster's got at Marshfield? You've been there. What about it, Mary?
I don't know, Jabez.
Why don't they come --
Oh, for heaven's sake, leave me alone!
Well -- I am worried about the way you've changed. That was one thing you said you'd never do -- remember?
It shows on your face.
But Jabez, I never said that!
He's my son and I like him the way he is. Why do you always have to pick on him? If it's not the boy it's me. You don't like the way I live -- you don't like my friends, or my new house -- or anything.
My fault? ... Oh, Jabez -- all I want is to be proud of him. He can be such a fine boy, if we show him how to be.
Isn't that your own fault?
Jabez -- how can you let her talk like that when the boy is present? He won't respect me any more.
You're not supposed to punish my son, Mary.
I am going to lock him up.
What happened.... Where are you taking him?
Nothing, Jabez -- just natural for a baby to cry, sometimes.  Shh, little Daniel -- sleep -- sleep --
What in sugar hill's the matter with him?
Potato bug sits on the leaf in the sun, Sleep, sleep, my baby -- Raccoon sits in the spruce all night, Sleep, baby, sleep --
Don't be cross with him, Ma. This don't happen every day.
Well -- I -- I-
Hello, Jabez --  Here's your son.
Mary --
Mary -- but look -- it didn't touch an ear of my corn -- we'll have a rich harvest.
Ruined -- all the fields -- ruined. 
I wasn't used to being big -- wasn't used to thinking in big ways. Now, I've made up my mind.
Jabez -- once you said we'd never change --
And I don't want to have a washwoman for a wife.
No, no. I don't want to be idle.
Well -- that's the last time -- we'll have servants to do it.
But Jabez -- the washing has to be done --
But it's not very becoming to you to have your hands in the suds -- when the Squire and his wife --
It's very becoming to you, Mr. Selectman.
I'm serious.
Yes, Mr. Selectman!
That's one thing I want to talk to you about, Mary.
I'll never get my washing done.
You could have knocked me down with a feather -- Selectman -- me.
Oh -- Jabez.
Mary! I'm -- Selectman of Cross Corners!
Thanks, Mary.
I'll get it, Jabez.
Mary, get three cups of camomile tea for the Squire and the rest. They all feel colds coming on.
Jabez --
Mary --
Don't take cold, Jabez.  Come -- it's warm in here.
Yes -- you are right, Mary. I can almost hear the little blades of grass a-starting up -- All the seeds a-stirring underneath the ground --
There's hope and promise in it, Jabez -- Planting and promise of good harvest to come.
Mary -- you just wait and see -- It's all -- just the beginning -- just the beginning -- of everything. I'll be the biggest man in New Hampshire and you'll be the wife of the biggest man.
You'll never change -- will you?
There is nothing to worry about now.
Worried!
Tired?
But I'm glad to be home again --
Oh, Jabez -- it was a wonderful day --
Remember, Mary, how he said it: "Couldn't have done better myself, Jabez Stone," and it was my first speech. I don't know what came into me, Mary. I just stood up and the words came flowing like water out of my mouth.
Yes, Mary.  It's been a long day.
We must go on home, Jabez.
Looks right elegant, Mary.
What do you think of that, Jabez?
I'd love to.
Will you come into town with me tomorrow?
It feels fine now, Jabez.
Mary -- look! Hessian gold. I found it in the barn.
Well -- I -- I don't know -- I would pay our debts and well -- maybe get a new bonnet, but -- really -- I think I would live the same.
Mary -- what would you do?
Jabez!
Mary -- what would you do with a pot o' gold?
No, Jabez -- all I need is some rest -- You go and pay our debt. Everything'll be all right then ... everything.
I'll get the doctor.
Mary -- how do you feel?
Jabez ...
Mary--
You're right, Mary it's a fine calf. That's why Stevens'll take it for the rest of the payment.
Oh Jabez! And we were counting on ...  It's a lovely calf.
Seed alone won't do, Mary. We have to throw the calf in.
Jabez!
I will, Mary -- always thought a man could be stronger alone -- seems I've been wrong about that.
Jabez -- you ought to talk to Tom about joining the Grange.
Mary, I'm a farmer -- always will be. To me seed isn't a thing to pay debts with, it's alive, more alive than anything -- but I guess you're right. We just got to do it. Oh -- how's it all going to end?
You always said, the field uphill needs a rest, but if you think --
To save us work on the spring plowing?
Jabez! Couldn't you take a sack of seed instead?
If the pig hadn't broke his leg, we could have taken him.
It's all right, Jabez. We'll find something to pay Stevens.
Yes -- I had to pay the vet in full. He just wouldn't have treated the horse this time. After all, we can't very well do without a horse.
Not all of it?
Mary -- it's gone.
Do you think I'm grudging it?
Your butter money?
We can still use my butter money.
Well -- what are we going to do?
If it would only move old Miser Stevens -- We've still got to pay him.
That's wonderful language. It would move a stone.
" ... and if the final vote shall leave thousands of our fellow citizens and their families in hopeless distress, can we -- members of the Government -- go to our beds with a clear conscience, can we, without self- reproach, supplicate the Almighty Mercy to forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors?
It's Tom Sharp and two other fellers -- Oh, glory -- where's my pants?
Who is it?
Well, I'll be -- there's a rig, turning in, by the gate.
Hold the splint tighter -- it's almost done.  Go on reading, Ma. This man, Job, he had troubles, didn't he?
He's stubborn as a Stone.
That's what we said.
Jabez, don't you remember your own wedding? We said it's for better or worse. We said it's for richer or poorer.
I remember Dad used to say sometimes, when they were handing out hard luck, the farmers got there first.
Yep.
Oh, Jabez.
I think his leg is broken.
You're right, Mary.
Now, Jabez! I've got on my Sunday bonnet and I'm going to church with my husband. Almost the first time since the beginning of winter -- and if that isn't an occasion, I don't know what is.
What is that smile on your face?  Is there anything wrong with me?
All right -- only he needn't dirty my pants!
He only wants you to throw the stick for him, Jabez. I guess he's feeling the spring a-coming, too.
Down, Shep! Down!
Coming.
Jabez -- help!
Of course it's all right, son. You had Daniel Webster, didn't ye?  Breakfast's ready!  I've made a special surprise for Mr. Webster.
Ma -- Ma -- it's all right, Ma!
Gone with Daniel Webster -- to Marshfield, son.... You told Mary to go--
Ma! ...  Where's Mary ... and little Dan'l?
My son ... what's the matter?
And I say she won't! I'll not have the scorn of God on this place -- with the smell of fish in it, polluting up the Sabbath!  And as for you -- let me tell you, young woman...!
I want you to fix these fish!
Sure, Ma.
You go down and see what's keeping Dorothy.
Fiddlesticks! She don't hear it. Got better music to listen to than that.  There -- that's what I mean.
Golly, Ma --  Consarn that music! Shouldn't a-had the harvest festival tonight.
You'll be a father any minute now.
Ma -- is she? --
Make out? We'll do better than that!  I never thought I'd be glad for bad luck, but I am. I never thought I'd be glad of a hail storm at harvest time, but I am! Oh, bless ye the works of the Lord in the hail and the storm and the rain!
Now that's the way to talk, Son! I know you worked hard for that crop. But we'll make out.
I say -- it don't matter.
What's that you say, Son?
It don't matter!
Oh, here you are, Jabez. Lan's, I was worried about you.... Hail in August! The crops will be ruined!
A man can always change things, Son. That's what makes him different from barnyard critters.
Ma -- and yet, a man could change that, couldn't he?
You see, son? I'm old and I've lived. When a man gets his money in bad ways -- when he sees the better course and takes the worse -- then the devil is in his heart -- and that fixes him.
Wouldn't profit him none.
I know, Ma, but -- Suppose a man got his money in bad ways --
Why, that's just sense, Son. Now a man like Daniel Webster -- guess they pay him high for what he does. But he's worth it -- and he helps others. Makes all the difference.
Do you really think that?
I figure that depends a mite on how you get it and how you spend it, Son.
Money -- money's a funny thing, ain't it, Ma?
Me -- a son.
Lan's, I'd think you was having the baby, to hear you.
I feel -- fidgety, Ma -- not right at all.
Well, thank the Lord you can always depend on New England for weather. We've got enough for the whole United States.
Queer sort of weather we're having -- queer like everything else.
Oh, go along with you! As if it mattered to a grandma! But p'raps you got an even chance.
My son! Do you really think, Ma....
It won't be the first baby ever born in this house.  There! Made me drop a stitch!  Sit down, you make me nervous!  Lan's, that's the way a man always is. Thinks his son's the most important thing in the world.
Now look here, Ma. I'm not a boy anymore. I want that understood. I don't aim to stay a one-horse farmer the rest of my life. Mary's got to be the kind of wife a -- a big man needs --
Well, son, I'm glad to see a Stone come up in the world again.
Say, Mary, how is your shoulder?
Well -- that's comforting!  Supper.
But it's true. Take 'em up in your hands, Mary -- feel 'em -- they're real all right.  Aren't you glad?
Most outlandish thing I ever heard tell.  Don't seem right, somehow!
Yes -- I was getting the seed -- I stumbled -- I saw one of the boards warped up a bit -- and -- there it was.
You found it in the barn, hey?
I can't help it. I mean it, I tell you. I've had more than my share. Nothing ever goes right for me -- nothing!
Hush up such talk, Jabez!
And why should I? Let him howl if it makes him feel good.  Consarn it. He's better off than I am! I wish I could tell Him...  ... up there, just what I think.
Well ... make him keep quiet.
I dunno.
What's ailing that dog?
All right, son -- if it helps.
Helps sometimes to say it.
That's a word you're too free with lately, Jabez, consarn this and consarn that ...
Yes -- and you figgered right, consarn it!
I just figgered -- knew you didn't have enough bills.
How'd you know to have the calf ready, Ma?
Not on the Sabbath you won't, Jabez!
There! Guess that ought to hold good. Put him down here, by the fire, Mary.  But we don't want to get him too close -- we'll have roast pork for supper.
That's right, Ma -- we ain't licked yet. A Stone's never licked till he's dead -- that's what Dad used to say, didn't he, Ma?
Now, Jabez Stone -- as for what you're calling hard luck -- well, we made New England out of it. That and codfish.
Hard luck -- like me.
You know that, son.
Sorry, Ma -- but this consar-- this little pig --  He won't let me fix him --
Jabez! What kind of talk is that for the Sabbath? And me a-reading the holy word!
Consarn the consarn --
"There was a man in the land of Uz whose name was Job; and that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God and eschewed evil."
Belle, give the Sheriff a cup of rum.
Jabez -- seems  like I've been hearing talk around. Reverend Harper thinks more Cross Corners folk oughter be in church, Sabbath morning.
Come in, Sheriff.
Very well, folks. I accept.
It seems such an obvious candidature to us all.
And you didn't get it, hey? Come on, we'll have another talk with him.
Hello, Jabez -- I was just talking to Stevens about a little extension on your payment.
Hello, Sheriff.
The law is the law. Good-bye, Mary.
Let him try it.
Wish I could really do something for you. But you know Stevens. He'll throw you off your farm tomorrow if you don't pay him tonight.
It's all right, Sheriff.
Yep -- you can't get around that mortgage. -- I'm sorry, Jabez.
I won't forget.
Be sure to let me know if Daniel is over there.
Ah, fiddlesticks -- you are old enough to know what you are doing.
You aren't angry with me?
So you've made up your mind to go to the party.
I said you should stop worrying because I've made up my mind!
What's that?
Worried about me! Well, you just stop it!
Me? Why, look here, Mary Stone -- I'm worried about you, that's all.
Now, Ma -- You just try to set an example for me, and keep hold of yourself.
Fox hunting -- a Stone going fox hunting on a week day -- and the earth crying out for the touch of him!
Jabez -- for the good of your soul ... please come with us.
She'll do nothing of the kind! She's going to church with me, right away!
Yes, Ma -- I'm ready --
Mary! Ready? First bell's a-ringing!
What mountain?
The new girl -- Jabez says; she is from over the mountain.
What a nice -- and kind girl --  Who is she --?
Yes, Mrs. Slossum told me -- Lucy can't even keep a secret -- Selectman -- my son -- well, who would have thought of that?
You know, Ma, why the Squire came to see Jabez?
H'm. Hessian gold. Well -- hope it'll do us more good than it did the Hessians.
I'll try hard -- I just can't take it all in.
Yes, Jabez -- don't worry.
Let her be, son. She'll do all right. You better get yourself straightened out.
Land sakes, I don't mind. I never did hold much with Job, even if he is Scripture. He took on too much to suit me. I don't want to malign the man, but he always sounded to me as if he came from Massachusetts. Yes, Mary, you go ahead and read.
That is -- if you don't mind changing the lesson, Ma.
I guess we won't.
Well, I guess we won't be going to church today.
Coming, Ma.
Mary -- Jabez --
You throw mighty far, Jabez -- almost into the pigsty.
Yes, sir -- I guess I do -- Gee --
Of course. And you tell your father for me -- we may be on opposite sides of the fence, but I'm always glad to hear of a man who holds to his own opinions. As long as people do that -- the country's all right. Do you understand, Martin?
Gee, would you, Mr. Webster? Honest?
Well, Martin, I only wear them in Washington -- that's the trouble. But if you ever come down there, I'll show them to you.
Martin Van Buren Aldrich and my Pa's the only Democrat in Cross Corners. He said you had horns and a tall, Mr. Webster, but I ain't seen 'em yet.
What are you looking for, Colonel?  What's your name?
She'll be here in a moment. She has a special surprise for you.
There is nothing like a good old country breakfast. Where's Ma?
I'll do my best, Mary.
Mr. Webster -- you will help him?
Mary -- what love and trust could do for your husband, you've done. And frankly, in a very few moments, this is going to be no place for a lady.
Jabez ...
Are you, Mary?  Well, I guess I'm glad myself -- seeing as how you feel this way.  Party seems to be quite a success.  Lots of guests, anyhow.
Oh -- Mr. Webster -- I'm so glad you came!
And now come on, Mary. I want to show you the all-fired biggest parsnips in the whole United States, raised right here in Marshfield -- of course!
Oh, could you, Mr. Webster ?
Mary -- you've talked to me as you might have talked to your father and I believe he wants me to help you a little. You see, sometimes we think we're licked in this life -- but we weren't put here to be licked. Don't you believe it. Sometimes the shadows seem to get hold of us -- the shadows and the evil -- but it is still up to us to fight. Now I was thinking before you came, of coming over to Cross Corners end of the month, to get acquainted with my Godson -- and other things.
You see, I don't care if we are rich or poor -- I don't care if we're big or small, all I care about is Jabez. He was the first man I loved. He never used to care about money -- we were poor as Job's turkey, but none of us minded. Now I've seen him drive the poor from the door, and we used to be poor ourselves. I've seen him get hard and mean, and he isn't hard or mean. I've heard him mock at the church bells -- the bells that rang for our wedding. That's not like him, Mr. Webster -- It must be my fault somehow -- my fault.
You don't have to defend him to me, Mary -- I've been called names myself.
Mr. Webster, you mustn't believe all that people say.
I've heard some odd things about Jabez lately -- he seems to make the wrong kind of name for himself.
Why -- yes -- it's hard to put it into words, Mr. Webster. There's this matter of little Daniel's schooling and the new house -- and well -- there's something else that's wrong -- it gets worse, year after year -- it's like a shadow growing -- I can't really talk about it, even to Ma -- she puts it all on Jabez and I won't stand for that.
Yes, you've chatted a lot, woman-like nibbling around the edge -- But, Mary, forgive an old lawyer's legal mind, I don't think you ever once came to the point. And there is a point, isn't there?
Goodness, Mr. Webster, I've done nothing but talk about that all through dinner.
No, you wouldn't -- You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke -- or fire -- But now let's talk about your affairs.
Of course not --
Well -- she hardly ever comes here -- she's not the type of woman who cares to live in the country. Yes -- I'm all on my own -- sometimes it makes you feel a little lonely --  Do you mind if I indulge?
No, really, thank you. -- Is Mrs. Webster coming back soon?
Well Mary, it's too bad I didn't know -- I would have given you a real dinner, but with my wife being in Washington -- Have another piece of pie -- 
-- I'm going to try, Mr. Webster.
You've got a smart man, Mrs. Stone. Hang onto him.
It is.
Why, that's different!  Well, boys, I guess we'll knock off. I've got to see a friend.
Just someone from New Hampshire!
If it's the British Minister, take him around to the pantry and give him some Madeira --
Someone to see you, Dan'l!
Hullooo!
Hey there, Dan'l! Black Dan'l!
Why, you long-barreled, slab-sided, lantern- jawed, note-shaving crook, be off with you ...
My congratulations -- as between two gentlemen.
I object.
Your Honor -- gentlemen of the jury -- this case need not detain us long. It concerns one thing alone -- the transference, barter and sale of a certain piece of property, to wit, his soul by Jabez Stone. That transference, barter or sale is attested by a deed. I offer that deed in evidence and mark it Exhibit A.
I'll drink to that, Mr. Scratch!
The quick or the dead! You have said it.  May -- the best man win, Mr. Webster!
Let it be the quick or the dead -- So it is an American judge and an American jury!
Very well. -- You shall have your trial, Mr. Webster. The case is hardly one for an ordinary jury --
I do! If I can't win this case with a jury, you shall have me, too. If two New Hampshire men aren't a match for the devil, we'd better give this country back to the Indians.
You mean -- a jury trial?
Then I stand on the Constitution! I demand a trial for my client.
And who with better right? When the first wrong was done to the first Indian, I was there. When the first slaver put out for the Congo, I stood on the deck. Am I not spoken of, still, in every church in New England? 'Tis true, the North claims me for a Southerner, and the South for a Northerner, but I am neither. To tell the truth, Mr. Webster, though I don't like to boast of it, my name is older in the country than yours.
Well, I never heard the dev-- of your claiming American citizenship.
Foreign? And who calls me a foreigner?
H'm. This appears -- I say appears -- to be properly drawn. But you shall not have this man! A man isn't property! Mr. Stone is an American citizen, and no American citizen may be forced into the service of a foreign prince.
There, Mr. Webster.  All open and above-board and in due and legal form.
Not so fast, Mr. Scratch. Produce your evidence -- if you have it.
Your spirited efforts on behalf of your clients do you credit, Mr. Webster -- If you have no more arguments to adduce I'll take him along now.
Cup for cup!
Talk has never proved that question, Mr. Webster!  Cup for cup -- what do you say?
There isn't enough Medford rum in the whole of New Hampshire to make me sleepy. 
Oh ..  not that you ever get drunk! No, indeed! But a kind of overpowering lassitude or, more plainly, a deep and enveloping sleep.
Me?
It even kicked back -- once at you, didn't it?
Why, certainly -- but be careful, Mr. Scratch -- Medford rum has an uncanny habit of kicking back, even with old-timers like yourself. 
Scratch will do for the evening. May I -- join you?
Attorney of record for Jabez Stone. Might I ask your name?
Mr. Webster, I presume?
Pretty good -- that's perfect!
Say, that's pretty good, young man.
I'll be there, too!
I'd rather see you on the side of the opposition.
With the presidential election coming up, I thought I could be of some help, sir.
Oh -- it's you again. What do you want?
It's only a short drive, Mr. Webster.
Oh, that's what you want -- well, you can be perfectly honest with Jabez Stone -- now.
I can't be honest with them.
Why don't you?
No, no ...  I want to talk to men ... to people in Cross Corners ...to my neighbors ...
You can talk to me ...
I want someone to talk to ...
The loneliness? Lonely with all your gold, Mister Stevens? That hardly makes sense.
That isn't it. It's ... the loneliness, Mr. Scratch ... the loneliness!
My money? Why, Mister Stevens? What a quaint idea. Come over to the door. I want to speak to you privately. Stop throwing away that money. We mustn't let people see any softness in you, Mister Stevens.... People take advantage of softness, you know. Come out of there -- I'll give you an extension if you'll forget this stupid repentance idea.
I wanted to give it all to the church.
