Just remember that when you sign for the tip.  They're paying for it, so don't be shy.
You're all right, Argyle.
I'll find someplace.
What is it don't work out that way? Where you gonna stay?
It's corny, but I could live with it.
So, you go on upstairs to the party, your lady sees you, you run into each other's arms.  Music comes up, you live happily ever after, that it?
That is Christmas music.
How 'bout some Christmas music?
Mind if I play some tunes?
Like I said, Argyle...you're fast.
You mean you thought she wouldn't make it out here and she'd come crawling on back, so why bother to pack?
'Cause I'm a New York cop who used to be a New York kid, and I got six months backlog of New York scumbags I'm still trying to put behind bars. I don't just get up and move.
So, why didn't you come?
Closer to Japan.  You're fast.
But meant her moving here.
She had a good job, it turned into a great career.
So, you divorced of what?
It's okay, it's okay.
Hey, I'm sorry.  When I was a cabdriver, see, people expected a little chit chat, a little eccentricity and comaraderie, I forgot how stuck up you limo guys were, so excuse me.
You're nosey, you know that, Argyle?
Meanwhile, you still live in New York?
The past six months.
The girl was off today.  Hey, I didn't expect you to sit up front.  So, your lady live out here?
Married.
If your friend is hot to trot...I know a couple of mama bears.  ...Or is he married?
That's okay.  This is my first time riding in one.
Do I?  I'm sorry.  You're gonna have to help me, man.  This is my first time driving a limo.
Argyle.  Don't you take this stuff?
Argyle.  I'm your limo driver.  Hey, nice bag.
I'm John McClane.
We must shut down the building.  Go wider --!
-- ten blocks?  Are you crazy?  It's Christmas Eve, thousands of people -- the Mayor'll scream bloody murder --
If he's not a terrorist, and he's not a hostage...he's just not part of the equation.
No, sir.
One of yours?
Not any more.
Dwayne Robinson, LAPD.  I'm in charge here.
I'm Special Agent Johnson of the FBI. This is Agent Johnson...no relation.
Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast.  I can handle these clowns.  I want to talk to Hans.  Hans! Sprickenzie talk?
What are you going to do?
I'm tired of sitting here waiting to see who gets us killed first... them...or your husband.  Hi there.
Where are you going?
Tell that to Mr. Takagi.
His 'job' is 3000 miles away.  Without him, they might let us go...at least we have a chance...
How about his job?
John?  Christ, he could fuck this whole thing up...what does he think he's doing?
John.
The police...?
They don't look happy...something's gone wrong.
What's happening?
John, how can you say that, after all these years--?  John?  John?
That asshole's not my friend! I barely know him!  I hate his fucking guts --  -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell him you don't mean shit to me --
What am I, a method actor?  Hans, babe, put away the gun.  This is radio, not television...
Don't you think I know that!  Put Hans on!  Hans, listen to me, that shithead doesn't know what kind of scum you are, but I do --
John, I think you could get with the program a little.  The police are here now.  It's their problem. Tell these guys where the detonators are so no one else gets hurt.  Hey, I'm putting my life on the line for you buddy...
Tell me about it.
Ellis...you shouldn't be doing this...
I told them we're old friends and you were my guest at the party.
Ellis, what have you told them?
John, they're giving me a few minutes to try and talk some sense into you. I know you think you're doing your job, and I can appreciate that, but you're just dragging this thing out. None of us gets out of here until these people can negotiate with the LA police, and they're just not gonna start doing that until you stop messing up the works.
The guy upstairs who's fucking things up?  I can give him to you.
I must have missed 60 Minutes.  What are you saying?
Hey, business is business.  You use a gun, I use a fountain pen, what's the difference?  To put it in my terms, you're here on a hostile takeover and you grab us for some greenmail but you didn't expect a poison pill was gonna be running around the building.  Hans, baby...I'm your white knight.
You're amazing.  You figured this all out already?
Hey, I read the papers, I watch 60 minutes, I say to myself, these guys are professionals, they're motivated, they're happening. They want something.  Now, personally, I don't care about your politics. Maybe you're pissed at the Camel Jockeys, maybe it's the Hebes, Northern Ireland, that's none of my business.  I figure, You're here to negotiate, am I right?
You're very perceptive.
What does he want?
Hope I'm not interrupting...?
I read about them in Time magazine.  When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions.  You have two hours to comply.
'Asian Dawn Movement?'
I don't want neutral...I want dead --
If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already!
-- you wouldn't let me kill him when I had the chance --
He had the detonators!  Theo?  Theo!
He wasn't lying about Marco:  He's thirty stories down on the street. The other man is Heinrich, and I found his body upstairs.  And his bag is missing.
Karl, I know you want him, but the police are probably on their way. Maybe we can convince them it was all a mistake, but not if they hear gunshots! If you lock him in he'll be neutralized -- now do it!  Karl?  Karl!
Hans, he killed by brother --
And if he alters it...?						*
No.  Heinrich's team must finish planting the detonators...and Theo needs time on the vault.  After the			* police come they'll waste hours trying to negotiate...that's when we search			* for this man.  Until then...we do not alter the plan.
He was my only brother...my only family!  I want blood for my blood.  We search...now.
I know what you are feeling.  But this is not productive --
See to Heinrich...  Now...you can break the code key...?
Nothing...
Okay.
I don't know it!  get on a Goddamn jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman! I'm telling you!  You're just going to have to kill me --
It's useless to you!  There's seven safeguards on our vault, and the code key is only one of them!  You'll never get it open!
The code key, please...?
Who said we were terrorists?
You want...money?  What kind of terrorists are you?
Yes...I know about them.  The code key is a necessary step in accessing the vault.
This is what this is about?  Out building project in Indonesia? Contrary to what you people think, we're going to develop that region... not 'exploit' it.
It's beautiful.  I always enjoyed models as a boy.  The exactness, the attention to every foreseeable detail... perfection.
'Yippe-ki-yea, mother fucker'?  Now you are fucked.
Whoa, Hans, now you're the cowboy?
No more jokes, drop it or she gets it between the eyes!
That was Gary Cooper, shithead...
Nein, dies ein ist mein.  This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly.
Yeah.  Like you did with Takagi.
I'm going to count to three...
That was tricky, with the accent. I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan. Why do you need the detonators, Hans? I already used the explosives.
Put it down now.
Hans.  Your Hans.
Sounds better than nothing.
One weekend I went to a combat ranch...  You know, that game with the, the guns that shoot red paint?  Must sound pretty silly to you...
Bill, you know how to use a handgun?
William Clay.  Call me Bill.
Better than being caught with your pants down, right?  John McClane.
They invited me to the Xmas party. Who knew?
New York...
I'm a cop from New York.
You...you don't work for Nakatomi... and if you're not one of them...
Only if New Jersey counts.
You...you're an American?
Whoa, whoa, easy man.  I won't hurt you.  Who are you?  What are you looking for?
--ohGodplease -- don't kill me -- don't kill me -- you're one of them, I know it --
Go fuck yourself.
Hear that?  Talk to me, where are my detonators.  Where are they or shall I shoot another one?  Sooner or later...  ...I might get to someone you do care about.
Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy?
Actually, I was always partial to Roy Rogers.  I really dug those sequined shirts.
I'm afraid not.  But you have me at a loss -- you know my name, but who are you?  Just another American who saw too many movies as a child.  Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne...Rambo... Marshal Dillion.
I wouldn't think of leaving, Hans. Unless you want to open the front door...?
Mr. Mystery Guest.  Are you still there?
Just the fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench, the pain in the ass -
Who are you, then?
Bad for your health anyway.
The only thing left for them is the City Grid...  ...They may not do it.
Encourage them to be bolder.
When you're hot, you're hot.
...the circuits that cannot be cut... are cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident...You ask for miracles, Theo...I give you the FBI...
* Well have a look at what our friends outside are doing and I'll be right up.
You better heat up that miracle				* you were talking about.  We broke through on Number Six, and the Electromagentic came down like a sledgehammer...
Then don't waste time talking to me.
Three down, four to go --
We may have some problems.  How is your schedule?
Yo!
If out plan works...the FBI will get rid of it for us.
Thirty minutes to break the code... Two hours for the five mechanicals. The seventh lock...that's out of my hands.
How long?
I told you...
Then there's no reason not to tell it to us.
I'm an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And now that I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite.
After all your posturing, all your speeches...you're nothing but a common thief.
Gennero.  Miss Gennero.
Mr. Takagi chose his people well, Mrs...?
Yes, you're right.  It will be done.
Good enough.  And unless you like is messy, you'd better start taking us in groups to the bathroom.
No.  But I'll have a sofa brought out to you.  Good enough?
We have a pregnant woman out there --  -- relax, she's not due for two weeks, but a marble floor isn't doing her back any good.  I'd like permission for her to more to one of the offices where there's a sofa.
Go on.
You did.  You murdered by Boss.  Now...  They're looking to me.  Personally I'd pass on the jab.  I don't enjoy being this close to you.
Oh?  What idiot put you in charge?
I...have a request.
Holly, we have to stop meeting like this.  So that's what it was.  A fucking robbery.  So why nuke the building, Hans?
John!
Don't I always?
I'll be a few minutes.  Wait here --
You want to know my idea of a marriage? It's a partnership where people help each other over the rough spots -- console each other when there's a down...and when there's an up, well, hell, a little Goddamn applause or an attaboy wouldn't be too bad.  I needed that, John.  I deserved that.
Oh, here it comes.  One of those 'meaningful relationship conversations.' I never should've let you get those magazine subscriptions --
My job and my title and my salary did nothing to our marriage except change your idea of what it should be.
No matter what it did to our marriage -- ?
Didn't we have this same conversation in July?  Damn it, John, there was an opportunity out here -- I had to take it --
Sure.  It's unnerving.  I remember this one particular married woman, she went out the door so fast there was practically a jetwash...I mean, talk about your wind chill factor...
This is a Japanese company, you know? They figure a married woman, she's on the way out the door...
Especially my name.  You must miss it every time you write a check.  When did you start calling yourself 'Ms. Gennero'?
...I've missed you.						*
I would too. * They lock eyes for a moment, but it's an intense moment that says a lot about how they still feel about each other.
They would, huh?
Pomona!  You'll be in the car the whole time...Look, let's make this easy.  I have a spare bedroom.  It's not huge, but the kids would love to have you at the house.
Ramona...no, Pomona, that's it.
Oh...Where does he live?
Well, Cappy Roberts retired out here a couple years ago.  He said I could bunk with him.
That's okay...  ... I have an eye on his private bathroom.
It's a long story.  You know, I think that Ellis has his eye on you.
What are you doing?
Sure.  Follow me.
Nice, but one of us is three hours out of sync.  I think it's me.  Is there a place I can wash up?
Yeah.  I remember our first date.
You wife's made for this business. She know how to drive a hard bargain.
Hey, we're flexible.  Pearl Harbor didn't work out, we got you with tape decks.
I'm fine.  You throw quite a party.  I didn't know they had Christmas in Japan.
Can I get you anything?  Food?  Cake? Watered down champagne punch?
Relax, Ellis.  I'm off duty.
So I've heard.
I've spent half my life on airplanes,			* I can recognize someone who just got off one.  I'm Joe Takagi, Mr. McClane.  I have ...something to do with this company.
Yeah.  How'd you know?
Holly Gennero?
Excuse me, I'm looking for --
I'm serious.  Hey, this is my wife... Holly Gennero.
Bullshit.
Al.  Man, you were my rock.  I couldn't have made it without you.
Stand by, Powell.  I gotta check something out.
Roy?
I hope so.  But that's up to the guy upstairs.  Upstairs...  ...Hans, you bastard...what were you doing?
I got it.  But you can tell her yourself.  Just watch your ass and you'll make it.
Look...I'm getting a bad feeling up here...I'd like you to do something for me.  Look up my wife...don't ask how, you'll know by then...and tell her...tell her...I've been a jerk. When things panned out for her, I should've been behind her all the way ...We had something great going until I screwed it up...She was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me.  She's heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry.  You get all that?
Ask the FBI.  They've got the terrorist playbook and they're running it, step by step.
Powell?  What's going on?
Then this won't matter.  LAPD's not calling the shots anymore.
I still feel like shit.
Hey, you couldn't know.
I...I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to make a joke of it.
Eleven years ago.  Oh, it was dark... he was big for his age...damn ray gun he had looked real enough...yeah, I had all the right excuses...but afterwards... I really couldn't draw my gun again.
I...I shot a kid.
They way you drive, I can see why.
You don't want to know.
Yeah?  What's the odds?
They boys'll be glad.  We got a pool going on you.
Yeah.  But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.  By the way, chalk up two more terrorists.
Roy?  You still with us?
In my youth, partner.  In my youth.
The way you drove that car, I figured you for the streets.
Don't tell me, partner.  I'm just a desk jockey who was on the way home when you rang.
Speaking of cows, did you ever hear so much bullshit in your life? Two hours?  That doesn't even make any sense --
I'm here, cowboy.
Al?  Al, you there?
It's a date.  You buy the ice cream.
Two.  And I'd sure like to see them swinging on the jungle gym with Al junior.
Not yet, the wife in working on our first.  You got any kids back on the ranch?
You sound like a man with a couple of kids.
'Sugar, enriched flour, partially hydrogenated vegetable oil, polysorbate 60 and yellow dye #5.'
Yeah, just trying to handle some year old twinkies.  Yucck.  What do they put in these things?
Thanks...partner.
Hey, I love you.  So do a lot of the guys.  So hang in there, man.  Hang in there.
Two?  Are you sure?
No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors.  One spotters say you got two with that blast.
The plastique I found.  Is the building on fire?
Safe and sound, thanks to you. What the fuck was that?
I said we'll talk later, Roy.  If you're what I think you are you should know when to listen, when to shut up... and when to pray.
Al, what's wrong?  Did something --  -- Oh, God.  You're coming in!  That's it, isn't it?  Christ, Powell, I told you what you're dealing with here --
I'm here, Roy, but I'm, uh, kind of busy.  Let's talk later, okay?
They're all yours, Al.  Good luck.
Got it...'Roy'.  Now listen.  If you think of anything else you think we need to know, don't be shy, okay? In the meantime I want you to find a safe place and hole-up and let us do our job.  Understand?
'Roy'.
Uh, what do I call you?
I'm ahead of you...partner.
I hear you...  Partner.  And LA's finest are on it, so light 'em if you got 'em.
I've seen enough phoney ID's in my time to recognize that the ones they've got cost a fortune.  Add all that up and I don't know what the fuck it means, but these are bad ass preps and they're here to stay.
How do you know?
This is Deputy Chief Robinson.  Who is this?
This is --
Anytime you want to go home, Sergeant...consider yourself dismissed.
He's alone, tired, hunted, and hasn't seen diddly-squat from us and you think he gives a flying fuck about what you're going to do to him? Robinson, wake up and smell the shit you're shoveling!
Maybe.  And maybe they'd at least be talking to us!  Now tell your 'partner' to stay out of it, or so help me if he lives through this I'll put him behind bars myself!
Christ, can't you read between the lines!  He did everything he could to save him...if he gave himself up they'd both be dead!
Goddamn, didn't you hear him!  He practically pulled the Goddamned trigger himself -- he gave that man to them --
Give me that.  Now, listen to me, mister, I don't know what you think you're doing, but demolishing a building doesn't fall under the definition of 'help'! There's hundreds of people out here and you covered half of them in pieces of glass --
Yessir.
Is that him?
Who the hell knows?  Maybe he was a stockbroker who looked at the Dow Jones and opted for early retirement!
What about the body that fell out of the window -- ?
-- all we know?  We don't know shit, Powell.  If there's hostages why hasn't anyone asked for ransom?  If there's terrorists, where's their goddamn list of demands?  All we know is that someone shot up your car, and it could be the same flake you've been talking to on the radio!
Going in...are you out of your mind? There's 30 hostages in there -- for all we know --
What's it look like?  We're going in.
What's going on?
-- recognizing phony ID's?  Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know!
A hunch.  Things he said.  Like, knowing how to recognize a phony ID --
How do you know?
I don't think so, Sir.  In fact... I think he's a cop.  Maybe not LAPD, but definitely a badge.
He claims?  Powell, has it occured to you he could be one of the terrorists, pulling your chain? Or some kind of nut case who --
We don't exactly know, Sir.  He won't give us him name.  He appears to be the man who called in the report...he's killed one of the terrorists for sure and claims he capped two others.
Then who the hell have you been talking too?
The terrorists?  Don't know, Sir. We haven't heard a peep from them.
Dwayne Robinson.  Well, what have you learned?  What do they want?
I am, Sir...Sergeant Al Powell.
