I'm gonna assume that was meant as a compliment, Anna, and just say thank you.
Um, Erin?  Listen.  Even though you're not necessarily my favorite person in the world ...  ... sometimes you're not half-bad.
Don't use language with me --
What the fuck did you do with my stuff?
Where've you been?
Erin, you've been here three weeks.  If you don't know how to do your job by now, I am not about to do it for you.
Anna?  With this real-estate valuing stuff - - could you remind me, cause I'm a little confused about how exactly we do that.
That's a joke, right?
Oh, hell.  I'm dyslexic.
... what we do in here is keep track of all the case files.  That way, at any time, we can find out a case's status -- where it is in the office, stuff like that.  We file 'em all here, alphabetically --
Hey, excellent.  Thanks.
Tell you what, why don't you go on over to reception, tell them I said Mario should take you to the airport.
Thanks.  I'll keep it in mind.
Mr. Masry, before you go off on some crusade, you might want to remember who it is you're dealing with here.  PG&E is a 28- billion dollar corporation.
250,000 is all I'm authorized to offer.
Wait a minute -- I thought we were negotiating here.
A million things could have caused those problems.  Poor diet, bad genes, irresponsible lifestyle.  Our offer is final and more than fair.
You're kidding, right?  Look at these readings for Christ's sake. PG&E's own technicians documented toxic levels of hexavalent chromium in those test wells, on numerous occasions.
I understand they've had a bad run of luck, health-wise, and they have my sympathies. But that's not PG&E's fault.
What about in terms of medical expenses? 250,000 doesn't come close to what this family's gonna have to spend on doctors.
In terms of land value out in Hinkley, Mr. Masry, we feel it's a more than fair price.
250,000?
All of them.
All of 'em?
Fax these to this number, okay?
Who?
What's she doing here?
Nothing you can't show up for with a stain.
I didn't mean for you to leave them in the middle of the floor.  Jesus.  Look at me. What do I have this afternoon?
It's those files you asked for.
What the hell is this doing here?
Right.  Lap-dancers are people too.
You shouldn't judge, Brenda.
Erin Brockovich.  Car accident.  Not her fault, she says.  And she looks like such an honest girl, don't you think?
Whoa.  Remind me.
He's a low-life.  Speaking of which, that's your nine o'clock in there.
Carlos isn't a friend; he's a client.
Tequila.  From your drug dealer friend.
What do you think?  What's this?
His dry cleaners.  You want him?
Oh, Jesus.  Who's responsible for his pain and suffering this time?
Tony Marvin.
That asshole smashed in my fucking neck!
An ER doctor who spends his days saving lives was the one out of control --
He came tearing around the corner, out of control --
So you say.
What?  Hey -- <u>he</u> hit <u>me</u>.
What's your point?
So.  You must've been feeling pretty desperate that afternoon.
Yeah.  There's two.  Why?
There's more than one?
Which one?
Seventeen thousand in debt.  Whew.  Is your ex-husband helping out?
... or lemme guess -- toxic waste?
Usually, in adults, it's from exposure to bacteria or a virus or ...
How does someone get meningitis?
She must be a tough cookie, cause it's a pretty advanced case.  I'd say she's been walking around with it for a few weeks now.
Jesus.
It's an inflammation of the spinal cord and part of the brain.
Meningitis?  What the hell is meningitis?
Oh my God.  Oh my God.
Yup.
And get someone to help around the house.
Any school you want.
I can put them in a good school.
It's enough -- for whatever you need, for whatever your girls need, for whatever your girls' girls need -- it'll be enough.
I don't even know how much money that is.
Five million dollars.
Five million dollars?
And he's making them give five million of it to you all.
Oh, my God.
Both.
A number for the whole group, or for us?
The judge came up with a number.
Well, then -- if you're feeling up to it, maybe we should talk shop.
It's a good day.  I feel good.
Well, I was gonna head over to the Browns now.  I was thinking -- Mandy really values your opinion ...
For what?
You wouldn't happen to have a little time right now, would you, Donna?
Sure you are.  You're just a happier woman, cause you don't have to deal with maxi-pads and underwire.
Sure wish I had longer to get used to the idea.  You think if you got no uterus, and no breasts, you're still technically a woman?
Right, but -- didn't you say he was paid by PG&E?
No.  Hunh-uh, see, that's not what the doctor said.  He said one's got absolutely nothing to do with the other.
I know.  But the toxicologist I been talking to?  He gave me a list of problems that can come from hexavalent chromium exposure. And everything you all have is on that list.
Well -- then it's gotta be a different than what's in our water, cause ours is okay. The guys from PG&E told me.  They sat right in the kitchen and said it was fine.
Yeah.
And you say this stuff, this hexavalent chromium -- it's poisonous?
It was right up on the PG&E property over there.
An on-site monitoring well?  That means --
Not around here.  This is a rough part of the world.  Hard times, not a lot of money, not a lot of luck.  It's a challenge, staying healthy in a town like this.  Heck, even our dogs up and die.
Seems like an awful big coincidence -- your water being messed with and you being so sick.
I thought the same thing, right off the bat. That's why we went to see the doctor.  But hunh-uh.  Turns out one's got nothing to do with the other.
Well, hell, maybe that's why you all have been so sick --
It's a chemical they used over at that compressor station up the road there.
What's chromium?
The chromium.  Well, that's what kicked this whole thing off.
The what?
Cause of the chromium.
Wow.  Why would they do that?
You bet.  Paid for a check-up for the whole family.  And not like with insurance where you pay, then wait a year to be reimbursed, either.  They just took care of it.  Just like that.  We never even saw a bill.
They did?
Well, they paid for the doctor's visit.
Right, but -- I'm sorry, I don't see why you were corresponding with PG&E about it in the first place.
Are you kidding?  With how our lives are, if I start subdividing files, I'll be sunk.  I just kept all PG&E correspondence in one place.
Yeah, I can see that.  I guess the only thing that confused me is - - not that your medical problems aren't important, but -- how come the files about them are in with all the real estate stuff?
So the whole idea of selling the house -- don't get me wrong, I'd be glad to move to some better place, but if they aren't gonna pay us properly, I just don't see the point.
I'll say.  Holy moley.
Thank you.  It's in remission now, thank the Lord, but you never know.  And then while that's going on, I end up having to have a hysterectomy.  Plus a whole mess of lumps removed from my breasts.  All benign so far, but still, no matter how positive you stay, an operation can still take it out of you.
Yeah, I'm real sorry to hear that.
I know.  They're more than a bit unusual. See, two years ago, Pete got Hodgkin's disease.  That's a kind of cancer --
Yeah, I'm real glad you brought that up.  I was going through your file here, and I ran into these medical records.  They kinda surprised me --
Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains.  Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy.  You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have.
Right.
Thank you.  I think so too.  That's why I'm being such a stickler on this house price thing.  I don't mean to be a pain in PG&E's backside, especially after all they've done for Hinkley, but I look around here and I think, if they want this place, they're gonna have to pay for it.  And I don't just mean pay for the house; I'd like them to pay me for the trouble of starting over.
Yeah?  I should learn to do stuff like that. They make the place feel real homey.
I added air conditioning, put in the pool, made all those pillows by hand ...
Well it oughta be, with all the work I put into it.
This is a real nice place you got here.
Hell, no.  I hate lawyers.  I just work for them.  You got a minute?
You're a lawyer?
I'm Erin Brockovich, from Masry & Vititoe?
Yes?
Hi.  Donna Irving?
The firm took in sixty.  That's three percent.  Seemed like a fair bonus to me.
Two million dollars?
Take it.
What is that?
Okay, fine.  <u>Fine</u>  You backed me into a corner again.  You're holding me hostage ...
Ed, I swear, I'm not --
"I can always find someplace else to work. Someplace that'll pay me a fortune and give me a view of the French Riviera ..."
I wasn't gonna --
The extortion, the threats ...
Here what comes?
Oh, okay.  Here it comes.
Yeah.  Yours is nicer.
You see your office?
Careful you don't spit from here; you could kill someone.
Cause you got a little voice in your head saying, do the right thing.  Give him another chance.
How do you know that?
But I know you're not gonna quit on me.
The luckiest son of a bitch in the universe, Erin.  The luckiest son of a bitch in history.
Say you'd be the luckiest son of a bitch on Earth if I didn't up and quit over all this.
I did.  Both.
Say you shortchanged me and you shortchanged yourself.
I was wrong.
Say you were wrong.
I don't know what to say.
Oh, now don't get all jealous, Ed.  I got a little something for you, too.
Ho - ly - shit.
You know what, Mr. Potter?  I completely forgot your birthday this year.  And seeing as how you've been so good to me, I think that is a terrible oversight.  So what I been doing over the last few days is I've been putting together a present for you.
Erin?  What are you --
Morning!
No, I'm serious.  You know what Kurt Potter is?  He's the kind of guy who never would have taken this case in the first place. He's the kind of guy who would have sold these plaintiffs down the river when PG&E offered 20 million.  He doesn't work like us, Ed.  There's no little voice in his head telling him to do the right thing.
Erin --
Fuck Kurt.
Because Kurt doesn't want to work with you. He thinks you're a loose cannon.
Why not?
This isn't doctor's orders.  It's mine.  I'm saying you can't come.
The fuck I'm not.  I don't care what the doctor says --
You're not gonna be there.
Okay, good.  I think I should be the one to tell 'em, cause they trust me more than --
Tuesday at seven, at the Hinkley firehouse.
When?  Where?
<u>I know</u>.  We're having a meeting, it's all set up --
Fuck legal terms.  We're talking about human beings here.  Sick people.  A whole bunch of them are gonna be dead in ten years.  They need their money now!  We gotta get 'em to agree to the arbitration, Ed.  We gotta get every damn one of those plaintiffs to --
Hey, that's not so bad.  Compare it to the Love Canal -- that was twenty years ago, and those people still haven't seen a dime.  So in legal terms, ten years is --
I'm sorry, are you saying that if this thing goes to trial, it'll be <u>ten years</u> before these plaintiffs see their money?
Five years, maybe, for a trial.  Double that for the appeal.
Wait, what do you mean, ten years?
Because.  They know the evidence; they know they're gonna lose a jury trial.  Maybe they wouldn't lose 400 million bucks, but once you factor in all they'd spend on this case in the next ten years, it makes a lot of --
So why would PG&E offer it?
With nothing linking it to the corporate offices yet, I'd say we'll end up on the lower end of that.  Still a lot of money.
And if you had to guess ...
Uh-huh.
Between 50 and 400 million, definitely?
I know.  I'm sorry.  Do I get to hear what happened anyway?
I'm not gonna fire you.  I wanted to.  But then you got sick, and that woulda made me look like a shit.  You embarrassed me, Erin.
If you're here to fire me, your timing's lousy.
Perks?  Jesus -- <u>perks</u>?
Don't give me that.  You've gotten plenty. You've been well-paid; you've gotten lots of perks ...
Bullshit.  You stuck me in Siberia dictating to some God damn steno clerk so you could finish this thing without me.  After all I've done for you, that's the thanks I get.
No one's taking anything --
How dare you take that away from me.
<u>Not personal</u>?  That's my <u>work</u> in there, Ed. My sweat, my labor, my time.  If that's not personal, I don't know what is.
Okay, now you're making this personal, and it isn't --
"Fun?"  Jesus, "<u>fun</u>?"  I kill myself for a year and a half, hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter, remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place, and you think of me as "fun?"
You're emotional.  You're erratic.  You say any God damn thing that comes into your head.  And I'm not saying that's bad.  That can be great; that can be a lot of fun --
And, what, I'm not serious?
Look, this is serious now.  They're talking serious money --
Kurt thought?  What about you?  Do you think anymore?
Okay, look.  It's an important meeting. Kurt thought, if it was just lawyers --
Bullshit.  You'd drag me off my deathbed if it suited you.
Look, you said you weren't feeling great.  I thought you should rest.
People don't fly down in their own god damn plane for "just a meeting" --
Erin, it's just a meeting.
If you tell me to relax, I'm gonna kick your fucking head off --
Gee, I wonder why.
Not in my world.
Because <u>that's how people treat each other</u>!
Why the fuck should I respect her?
Bullshit.  It was a misunderstanding.  But instead of handling it politely, instead of treating her with respect --
She insulted me!
He's got a reputation for doing all his --
Why good?
Reasons PG&E thinks it shouldn't go to --
Counts?
It's PG&E saying to the judge that we don't have a case.  Their lawyers go --
What's a demur?
Don't joke.  They might.  So do me a favor and behave yourself for once.  Ed Masry to see Kurt Potter.
Holy shit.  Who do they represent, God?
It's eight million dollars, Erin.  Eight million dollars.
Plus, 40 percent of 20 million's a whole lot of money.
Maybe.  but maybe not.  We still don't have anything linking this to PG&E corporate. Plus, there's the statute problem.  Plus, we're way short on manpower, so we'd need to bring on more lawyers ...
Do you think we'd do better by going to trial?
And it's less than pocket change for PG&E.
... but it won't cover Annabelle Daniels's medical bills.
I'm thinking ... I wish someone else had to make this decision.  50 thousand bucks is more than any other California toxic plaintiff has gotten. Ever.  But ...
So what are you thinking?
It's about 50 thousand per plaintiff.
Whoa.  No shit.
Things like the head counsel for PG&E calling me with an offer.  20 million, plus attorney's fees.  Take it or leave it.
What kind of things come up?
You might want to think real hard about the amount, too.  My kids are sitting in the God damn parking lot right now, cause I still don't make enough to afford good child care. Makes me think about looking around for a job where I'm appreciated, for shit's sake.
I'll see what I can do.
I want my paycheck.  By the end of the day.
Is that what you want?
Fuck you.  Make time.  Cause I bust my ass for you.  I watch everything else in my life go straight in the toilet, for you.  And what do you do for me?  Huh?  You see the way I'm treated around here -- but have you ever stood up for me once?  Have you ever mentioned to everyone what good work I'm doing?  Have you ever bothered saying, hey, Erin doesn't get paid the most cause she has the best tits; she gets paid the most cause she's the best God damn employee I've ever had?
Erin, you're a big girl.  If you got a problem with Jane, work it out for yourself. I don't have time to deal with --
It's my paycheck.  Which I earned.  Which I deserve.  Which I shouldn't have to beg for. That fat-ass bitch won't give it to me.
Oh, Jesus.  You wanna tell me what the problem is here, or --
Yeah, I mind.  You bet your ass I mind.
I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here --  Do you mind?
I want my fucking money --
Yeah.  Yeah, I'm ... fine.
I was just asking.  Are you all right?
No, Ed -- what with me running for my life, I didn't have time to check those things --
He's gone.  Did you get a license plate?  Or a make?
I don't know.  Big.  Dark.
What kind of truck?
Some guy in a truck -- he waited till I was alone, then he followed me, like, two miles. Jesus, I'm shaking.  Get me a beer.
What?  Who?
Someone's following me.
Boy, this job takes me to some of the best damn places, huh?
He said he'd be at the gas station at six.
D'you get his name?  Course not.  Jesus, Ed --
Hey.  A new plaintiff called, wants to meet you.  I told him we'd be out there Thursday.
They're trying to intimidate us.  Tell them to wait in the conference room.
Jesus.  They look like the Secret Service.
Yeah, I heard that one before.
From their tone of voice on the phone, I'd say they're taking us more seriously.
If they've sent that little shmuck Baum again, I'm gonna be real pissed off.
Well, good, Ed.  I like working with you too.
Hey.  I like working with you.
I would now.
You didn't care about my case?
Me too.  That's why I like it.  It's been a long time since I had a case I cared about.
Really?  It makes me sick.
I like this case.
Jesus Christ, Ed -- you know, the more I work on this thing, the more I realize what a crock of shit this legal system is.  Here we got a company that poisoned a whole aquifer -- that built a pool for a town, then filled it with toxic water -- and <u>we're</u> the ones who've gotta bust our ass proving things?  That's just not right.
Then they didn't know.  And if they didn't know, we can't hit 'em for punitive damages. And punitive damages is where the money is.
Show me the document that proves that.
Oh, they knew.  They had to know.
PG&E corporate is claiming they had no way of knowing what was going on in Hinkley.
What do you mean?
We've got the PG&E fuckers in Hinkley by the balls.  But nobody's getting rich unless we can pin this on the corporate PG&E fuckers in San Francisco.
Don't give me that.  You're gonna get plenty rich off of this, Mr. 40 percent.  We got those PG&E fuckers by the balls here.
Hey, I got a staff to pay, plus rent, plus I haven't billed a minute of my time since I started on this case, so you can quit hitting me up like I'm rich or something.
Yeah?  Then gimme another raise.
Erin -- lemme tell you something.  If I'da put three researchers on this, I wouldn't expect them to dig up all the information you got here.  This is some damn good work.
No --
No shit.
For your information, Frank cares what was in those ponds 'cause he used to spend half his day wading around them.  That was his job.
Jesus.  I don't even wanna ask what you did to make this Melendez guy talk.
I guess it was a little too inconvenient. So for fourteen years, this stuff flowed into the groundwater, free as you please.
They skipped that step.
See, according to this, they were supposed to line the ponds so this shit couldn't seep into the ground.  But guess what --
It didn't help, but no.  The real problem's on the bottom.
And that's what caused the contamination?
They covered 'em over.  And not too carefully either, cause you dig one inch under the surface, and the dirt is green as a fucking shamrock.
I don't remember seeing any ponds up there.
They used the hex chrom here, in these cooling tanks, as an anti-corrosive.  Then they dumped it here, in these six ponds.
<u>No</u>.
You wanna talk about --
She lived on the plume.  You never know.
Is that what I think it is?
Another raise wouldn't hurt.  And with all the time I'm gonna be spending on the road, I'll probably be needing my own cel phone, won't I?
What now?
Yeah, yeah.  Remind me of that when I'm filing for bankruptcy.
You're doing the right thing, Mr. Masry.
Kinda like David and what's-his-name's whole fucking family.  Okay, here's the deal -- if, and only if, you find me the evidence to back all this up -- I'll do it.  I'll take it on.
Kinda like David and what's-his-name?
This is a whole different ball game, Erin. A much bigger deal.
Well -- I found one document at the water board that had a toxic test well reading from 1967.  A hell of a lot of people have lived on that land since then.
You think there's more?
Four more.  Eleven people.  So far.
How many families we talking about here?
Okay, fine.  I don't know shit about shit. But I know the difference --
Oh, you do?  With all your legal expertise, you believe that?
We can get these people.  With a little effort, I really think we can nail their asses to the wall.
I know how DNA works, Erin --
And this shit is bad news, Mr. Masry.  Not only does it attack every organ of the body, it fucks with your DNA, too.  That means these people's genes, and the genes of their kids, and the genes of their grandkids --
-- who happens to know they poisoned people and lied about it.
-- It's about being realistic.  Something like this, Erin -- it could take forever. They're a huge corporation.  They'd completely bury us in paperwork.  I'm just one guy with a shitty little P.I. firm.
Bullshit.
It's not about working hard --
Okay, so here's what I'll do.  I'll go on up to Ted and Rita Daniels -- two of the nicest people you'd ever hope to meet, who spend every single day watching their little girl fight like a dog against this cancer -- I'll tell them we can't help them cause you don't feel like working that hard.
Because I said no.  Look -- the only reason PG&E's even talking to us is cause this is a quiet little real estate dispute.  We add plaintiffs, and suddenly we're in the middle of a toxic tort -- with a statute problem -- against a massive utility.  No, thank you.
That's crazy -- why not?
Hunh-uh.  Absolutely not.
And I realized, he's taking a chance too.
Then I don't get anything either.
Erin --
I'm the one who's injured, and this joker who sits at a desk all day is gonna walk away with almost half my reward?
Erin --
Boy, do I know how you feel.  First time I heard that number, I said you got to be kidding me.  Forty God damn percent?
Yeah.  Isn't that a shame?
Mr. Masry, Mario gets lost going to the bathroom.  They'll be driving around the valley for hours.
What, you think I'm made of money?
And you can't?
Because they can.  You heard that kid -- they have 28 billion dollars at their disposal.  They can afford to waste all the time in the world.
I don't get why they'd do that.
That wasn't an offer.  A million would've been an offer.  When they send the God damn mail clerk down to jerk me off, waste my time, it's a fuck you.
At least they made an offer.
It sure as hell sounded like they were sitting up and taking notice.
So you think we got 'em scared?
I'm telling you, the minute Brenda sent the fax -- I'm talking the second she pressed that send button -- PG&E claims department is on the phone to me, scheduling a meeting.
Find out.
So far.  But that place is a pig sty.  I wouldn't be surprised if there's more.
This is the only thing you found?
A ten percent raise and benefits.  But that's it.  I'm drawing the line.
Ten.  There's a lot of other places I could work.
Okay.  A 5% raise, and --
Look, Erin, this is not the way I do business, this extortion nonsense.
I want a raise.  And benefits.  Including dental.
Lemme see it, will you?
Course I did.
That document you found, the one that says it was the bad chromium -- you didn't happen to make a copy did you?
Boy, you musta really fine-tooth-combed it then, huh?  And <u>you</u> fired <u>me</u>.  Jesus.
I didn't see any medical records in there.
The ones in the box of files.  The box of files?  The one from your office?
What medical records?
It doesn't take a genius to look at those medical records and think something's wrong.
So what made you think it was?
They told her something, but it can't have been too specific, cause I talked to her, and she sure didn't think her water was bad.
But, PG&E told her about the chromium?
You wanna know, you gotta hire me back.  I got a lot of bills to pay.
So what's the story on this thing?  This cancer stuff?
Boy, are you ever a shitty judge of people.
I don't know.  Maybe cause you look like someone who has a lot of fun.
Now, why in the hell would you assume that?
Look, I'm sorry.  You were gone.  I just assumed you were off having fun.
Well, that was nice of him.  Isn't it funny how some people go out of their way to help people and others just give 'em the ax?
He wanted you to know the legal limit for hexavalent chromium, is .05 parts per million.  And that at the rate you mentioned, .58, it could be responsible for the cancers in that family you asked about. The Irvings.
Oh, yeah?
I got an interesting call this afternoon. It was from a Dr. Frankel.
What are you doing here?
Bullshit.  You're trying to feel less guilty about firing someone with three kids to feed.  Fuck if I'll help you do that.
Come on, I'm trying to help here.
Don't bother.
Okay, enough --  Now, look, Erin -- this incident aside, I don't think this is the right place for you. So what I'm gonna do is make a few calls on your behalf.  Find you something else, okay?
That's not how we work here.  You don't just leave a message and take off.
I left a message.  I've been dealing with that real estate thing.  I was gonna write up a whole damn report and --
Erin, you've been gone for a week.
I guess I'm not the right kind.
How come you're not at lunch with the girls? You're a girl.
Excuse me?
You're a girl.
Good.
Yeah.  I got it.  No problem.
You do know how to do that, don't you?
Oh.  Huh.  Well, look, I got this file I need valued. Real estate thing.  A lady has some property next to a PG&E plant that PG&E wants to buy. I need to know what to ask for it.
Out to lunch with the girls.
Where's Anna?
Give her a cold washcloth to suck on --  I gotta go -- there's a clean one in that bag -- I'll check back in a bit.  Sorry.  My kid --
Bullshit, you don't.
I don't wanna take your money, Mr. Masry.
All I have is hundreds.
Oh.  Okay.  That's okay.
Jane's the office manager.  She handles payroll and petty cash.  But she leaves early on Fridays.
I was wondering -- could you tell me who I'd talk to about maybe getting an advance on my paycheck?  Just -- for the weekend.
Yeah?
I'm <u>not</u> everyone else, Mr. Masry.  I'm someone you made promises to that you didn't deliver on.  I trusted you.  With my kids' well-being.  Now, I'm smart, and I'm hard- working, and I'll do anything.  But if you think I'm leaving here without a job, you got another thing coming.
Okay, look.  If you really want to apply for a job here, you can do it the way everyone else does.  Send in a rÈsumÈ, make an --
I don't need pity.  I need a paycheck.  And I've looked, but when you've spent the last six years raising babies, it's real hard to convince someone to give you a job that pays worth a damn.  So I figure, since you're the one who said I was gonna be okay, you should be the one to hire me.
I'm sorry about that.  Really.  But --
You said things would be fine, and they're not.
I never lied.  I may have miscalculated -- that happens sometimes, but --
There's two things I can't stand, Mr. Masry. Being ignored, and being lied to.  You did both.
You did?  Wow, sorry about that.  Listen, Mario's a little not so bright.  He seems to think that you said --
You never called me back.  I left messages.
Yeah?  Well, fuck you.  Sorry doesn't feed my kids.
I'm sorry, Erin.
<u>Settle down</u>?  I got 74 bucks to my name, Mr. Masry!  I can't <u>afford</u> to settle down!
Okay -- let's try and settle down here.
Bullshit.  You told me I'd get half a million dollars.  You told me I'd be set.
I told you the questions might get a little personal --
Oh, please, it was long over by then.  God damn, he made me look like some cheap --
If you hadn't used profanity --
Open and shut?  <u>Open and fucking shut</u>?
Yeah.  I know.
... just wanna be a good mom, a nice person, a decent citizen.  Just wanna take good care of my kids.  You know?
... Matthew's six, Katie's four, and Beth's just nine months.
... couldn't take painkillers cause they made me too groggy to take care of my kids.
They took some bone from my hip and put it in my neck.  I didn't have insurance, so I'm about seventeen thousand in debt right now.
I think we should makes some changes.
Right.
I've also been thinking about the team. Responsibilities, who should cover what --
Good.
Corey.
Who's the judge?
Sixty-nine.  We've got good answers to all of 'em.
How many counts?
Yesterday.
When'd they file the demur?
At the time, I thought, I got six kids, some of 'em want to go to college.  I can't afford to lose my job.  I told myself I was being honorable.  But there's nothing honorable in what I did.  Maybe that's why they picked me for the job. Maybe they knew what kind of man I was.
How come you didn't say anything when you found these things?
Well.  There were a few documents that I somehow didn't get around to shredding.  That I kept instead.
What do you mean?
Course as it turns out, I'm not a very good employee.
That's right.
And you were told to destroy those?
There was a lot of dull stuff -- vacation schedules, the like.  But then there were a few memos about the holding ponds.  The water in them.  They had readings from test wells, stuff like that.
And ...?
Well, it's pretty boring work, shredding -- you gotta find some way to entertain your mind.  So yeah, I took a look.
Did you get a look at the stuff you destroyed?
Nope.  And I didn't ask.
Did he say why?
I was working in the compressor, and out of nowhere the supervisor calls me up to the office and says, we're gonna give you a shredder machine, and send you on down to the warehouse.  We want you to get rid of all the documents stored out there.
The fuck you don't.  No one calls me Pattee. That heavy-breathing sicko that called the other night could've only found out about me from you.  People are dying, Ross.  You got document after document here, right under your nose, that says why, and you haven't said word one about it.  I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Hey, Ross.  Tell me something.  Does PG&E pay you to cover their ass, or do you just do it out of the kindness of your heart?
Ross -- you are an absolute angel.
You know what, Erin?  I got nothing but time here.  Why don't you let me do that for you, and you can get your kids some dinner.
Not anymore.
You're married.
Nope.  Maiden.
Pattee?  That your middle name?
Heck, yeah.  Come on back.  Just gonna need you to sign in here --
I wish I knew.  It's for my boss.  He's fighting his water bill, and he wants me to find all manner of bills from all kinds of places.  The easiest thing would probably be if I just squeezed back there with you and poked around myself.  Would that be okay?
You just tell me what you want to look at and I'll be glad to dig 'em out for you.
I guess I did.
You come to the right place.
Well, believe it or not, I am on the prowl for some water records.
Erin.  Cool.  What can I do for you, Erin?
Ross.  Real pleased to meet you.  I'm Erin.
Ross.
Thank you very much.  Aren't you a gentleman?  Mr. ...
Oh, hey -- lemme give you a hand there.
Good luck.  Oh -- I wouldn't advertise what you're looking for if I were you ...
County water board.  All righty, thanks.
Every county has one.  They keep records of anything water-related within their jurisdiction.  You should be able to find something there.
Hunh-uh.  What's that?
Have you been to the water board?
Well, how do I find out what kind of chromium is up in Hinkley?
Oh, yeah.  Definitely.  Highly toxic, highly carcinogenic.  Bad, bad stuff.
So that stuff -- it kills people.
With repeated exposure to toxic levels -- God, anything, really -- respiratory disease, liver failure, heart failure, reproductive failure, chronic headaches, bone or organ deterioration -- plus, of course, any type of cancer.
Harmful, like -- how?  What would you get?
Yes.  There's straight-up chromium -- does all kinds of good things for the body. There's chrom 3, which is fairly benign, and then there's chrom 6, hexavalent chromium, which, depending on the amounts, can be very harmful.
There's more than one kind?
What kind of chromium is it?
George!
I don't know.
What are you <u>doing</u>?  Where's George?
That's not true; we had dinner together just last night.
It happens all the time.
Look, I know you're mad.  But the way this job is, things come up at the last minute, real important things, and I gotta deal with them.  Now I don't like me missing dinner any more than you do, but we're all gonna have to get used to it, cause the fact is, it's gonna happen sometimes.
Some kind of half-wit, no-good, big-haired, bimbo, I bet.
Yeah.  A real moron.
I'm gonna hate it.
Oh, come on, where's your sense of adventure?  We're going someplace you never been before.
I hate it too.  I hate this trip.
Sweetheart, you can get a whole big bunch.
Mommy, can I get a flower?
How come you're not eating?
Put your napkins in your laps and eat up.
Yeah, I'm gonna start sleeping here.  Masry & Vititoe, can I -- damn it.  Does anyone know anything about these phones?
Hey, Ros.  Nice view, huh?
In the conference --
Hey, Ros, where are they?
Yup.  They must be important, too, cause they came on a special plane.
PG& -- Are you sure?
Some meeting.  With PG&E people.
What's going on in there?
So did I.
Hey, Erin, I thought you were taking a sick day.
Hey, just so long as you see Him.
I'm a slow reader, on account of the fact that I look at the word "dog" and see "god".
You've been reading for hours.
Hi, Rosalind, this is Erin.  Brockovich. From the file room?  I was wondering if you could tell Mr. Masry that I'm following up on that real estate thing out of the office.
Masry & Vititoe, can I help you?
Cause her own mom's real sick, too.
How come her own mom isn't helping her?
Yeah.  She is.  But you know what?  That's why I'm helping her.  So she can get some medicine to make her feel better.
She's one of the sick people?
Oh, God, sweetheart, no.  There's nothing on Earth I love more than you.  Nothing.  I promise.
You never fall short for the work people.  I guess maybe you just love them more.
I never forget, honey.  I try, real hard. It's just, for some reason, I don't seem to be able to organize things right and -- when it comes to you guys, I end up falling short.
You always say that.  Then you go to work and forget you promised.
We'll work out the roller hockey thing, okay?  Whatever you want, we'll work it out. I promise.
I'm gonna go live with George.
God damn it, Matthew.  What the hell are you doing out here?
Well, God damn it, Matthew -- Randy's mom doesn't work eighteen-hour days, and Randy's dad didn't leave her, so figuring out who's gonna take who where is a little easier over at Randy's house.
Randy's mom said yes right away.
When?
We'll see.
Can I play roller hockey?
Thank God we got you away from her, huh?
Yeah.
Well I hate it.
There's no way a son of mine hates Funky Town.  It's impossible.
That's all you got, lady.  Two wrong feet. In fucking ugly shoes.
Okay, look -- I think we got off on the wrong foot here --
Annabelle Daniels.  714-454-9346.
Annabelle Daniels.
You don't know six hundreds plaintiffs' numbers by heart.
I said, <u>whose number do you need</u>?
Everyone's.  This is a lawsuit.  We need to be able to contact the plaintiffs.
Whose number do you need?
Erin.  You don't even have phone numbers for some of them.
Don't talk to me like I'm an idiot, okay?  I may not have a law degree, but I've spent 18 months on this case, and I know more about those plaintiffs than you ever will.
No offense.  There are just some things we need that you probably didn't know to ask.
Excuse me -- Theresa, was it?  There are no holes in my research.
Yeah, we had them couriered over.  And listen, good work.  They're a great start. We're just going to have to spend a little time filling in the holes in your research.
Hey -- those are my files --
I will.  Bye.
Promise you'll turn around if you get tired.
We'll just be a minute.  Get a little more sleep.
No, I need my car --
Real early.  We're just gonna take your car to get some breakfast.
What time is it?
Yeah, but I'm gonna get better.  A lot of these folks aren't.
You shouldn't be driving around, you know. You're sick.
You know me.  I pick things up real fast.
Think you could learn?
Yeah, well -- good help is hard to find.
And I miss you.
I don't know.  Few days.  Thanks for helping me.  I appreciate it.
How long's this whole thing gonna take?
Hunh-uh.  Not yet.  Look, don't take any of 'em on your bike, okay?  Call a cab if you wanna go somewhere.
They up?
It's not for me; it's for my kids.  You're the only one I trust them with.
I don't do favors for you anymore.
Hi.  It's me.  I got a favor to ask you.
Hello?
Mm-hm.
Thank you.
Fine.  I'll drop 'em off tomorrow afternoon.
They said that'd be tomorrow.  They just wanna keep an eye on me another night.
I pretty much knew what your answer was gonna be.
You already packed up your stuff?
I need it.
More than you need me.
I can't.  Look -- this job -- it's the best thing that ever happened to me.  I mean it. For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me.  Up in Hinkley, I walk into a room and everyone shuts up just to hear what I got to say.  I never had that.  Ever. Don't ask me to give it up.  I need it.
Yeah, you can.  You could just quit.  People do it all the time.
I can't leave my job, George.
I know.  But still.  Six months.  I think you oughta either find a different job or a different boyfriend.  Cause there may be men who don't mind being the maid and getting nothing in return, but I'm sure as shit not one of 'em.
I'm sorry.  I'm just working so hard --
It's a pair of earrings.  I saw 'em in the mall one day, and I thought, damn, those would look good on those beautiful earlobes. So I bought 'em.  And I said to myself, next time Erin says something nice, does something nice, I'll surprise her with 'em.  Know how long ago that was?  Six months.  In six months, you haven't said one nice thing to me.  That's a long time.
What's that?
About this.
About what?
Thinking.
What's going on?  What are you doing?
Bull<u>shit</u>, Erin.  Bullshit.
That is not what I'm --
Fuck you.  Just cause I don't spend all day trying to prove what hot shit I am --
What do you want to talk about instead? <u>Your</u> day?  That's a fascinating subject.
It wouldn't kill you to talk about something other than yourself and your own fucking job once in a while --
No, I wanna say hi.
Lock the door.
That's Ed.
Cause it's my office party.  If you had an office, I'd go to your party.
I'm just saying -- we have one night to ourselves, why do we have to spend it here?
Just a few more minutes, then we can go.  Take her, will you?
I'm bored, and so are the kids.
Yeah.  We were sitting around at lunch and she pointed at a ball and said, "ball."
What?  Beth?  My Beth?
Well, come to think of it, we did have a big event around here.  Beth started talking.
No, no jokes, I gotta pee.  Just tell me about your day.  What went on back there?
What do you want, a joke?
I'm so tired I'm about to drive off the road.  Keep me awake, willya?
I know what they can sleep through, Erin.  I probably know it better than you.
Keep your voice down.
Cause I can get a job.  I will.  And you can start leaving the kids with the chicken fat lady again.  Would that make you happy?
I didn't say that.
If you got a problem with me taking care of your kids instead of getting some job, just say so.
Nothing.
You mind telling me what that's supposed to mean?
How would you know?
It doesn't have to be this complicated, Erin.  There's a lot of jobs out there.
No, see -- that's exactly what those arrogant PG&E fucks want me to think -- that because they got all this money and power, we don't stand a chance in hell against them.  But you know what?  They're wrong.
Look, don't take this the wrong way, but don't you think you might be out of your league here?
I'm not in danger.  I have a dead bolt. Remember?
Come on, Erin.  A job's supposed to pay your bills, not put you in danger.
I'm not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call, George.
I know what you're saying, and I don't wanna hear it.  I am doing the best I can.
I'm just saying --
Well, hell, I guess that's it, then, huh? They're scarred for life.  They're gonna start holding up 7-11's any day now.
One toy per kid is doing something nice. Four is ... something else.
George, I am just trying to do something nice for my kids on my one day off.  Could you please not give me a hard time about it?
You're someone to me.  You're someone real special to me.
No I'm not.  Look at me.  I'm not.
You are someone.
Well, I'm sure as hell not what I thought I was gonna be.  I was supposed to have one of those great lives, with everything all laid- out and perfect.  I mean, hell -- I was Miss Wichita, for God's sakes.  Did I tell you that?  You live next door to a real live beauty queen.  I still got the tiara.  I kept it cause I thought it meant something.  I thought it meant I was gonna do something great with my life.  I thought it proved I was gonna grow up to be someone.
You're not nothing, Erin.
Doesn't matter.  Doesn't make one bit of difference.  Oh God, George, how'd this happen to me? How'd I end up so ... so <u>nothing</u>?
What?  But you been working so hard --
I <u>can't</u> call an exterminator.  I can't afford one.  God, I can't even afford my <u>phone</u>.  I got fired.
It's a simple thing.  Everybody gets them. All we gotta do is call an exterminator.
What kind of person lives like this?  Huh? What kind of person lets her kids run around in a house crawling with bugs the size of housecats?
I'm gonna clean it up.
Great.
Fixing a leak under your sink.
What are you doing here?
What do you mean?
You think it could make you sick, living in a place like this?
I guess we get what we pay for, huh?
Thanks for reminding me.
I'm gonna put a dead bolt on your front door, too.  This isn't exactly the safest neighborhood in the world, you know.
Better safe than sorry.
What're you doing?
Yeah, we'll just see about that, won't we?
This isn't gonna get you laid, you know.
Yup.  Usually working on my bike.  No big deal.  If it doesn't work out, you can send 'em back to the chicken fat lady.
You're around every afternoon?
Right.
Cause I like kids.  I like hanging out with them.
Why in the hell would you want to watch my kids?
Then lemme remind you, the polite thing is to say, thank you, that's a real nice offer, I don't mind taking you up on it.
It's been a while.  Maybe I'm just out of practice.
Are you this hard on everyone who tries to help you?
I hope that's not supposed to impress me.
I do construction, which pays real good. And I make it last by living cheap.
Yeah?  And what do you do the rest of the time, live off your trust fund?
I'm not a deadbeat.  I work when I need to.
Great.  Another deadbeat.
I was serious before, you know.  If you need someone to keep an eye on them -- after school or something -- I don't have a job now, so I'm around in the afternoons.
I'm never here.  I gotta leave 'em with this weird sitter all afternoon who costs a fortune and smells like chicken fat.
How?
Yeah.  I'm probably ruining them.
Yeah, and whose fault is that?
Cause I don't even know you.
Why not?
I'm not gonna leave my kids with you.
You need help with your kids?  I could probably do that.
I had a good neighbor, George.  She was 60 and Mexican and she watched my kids for free.  Something tells me you're not gonna be able to measure up to that.
Return 'em.  Maybe you'll get your money back.
C'mon.  I bought 'em for you, to make up for that night.
No.
Yeah.  Sexy, huh?  And here's another: five. That's how old my other daughter is.  Seven is my son's age.  Two is how many times I been married and divorced.  You getting all this?  16 is the number of dollars in my bank account.  454-3943 is my phone number. And with all the other numbers I gave you, I'm guessing zero is the number of times you're gonna call it.
You got a little girl?
Sure.  That's one of my numbers.  It's how many months old my little girl is.
Ten?
Shit, yeah.  I got numbers coming out of my ears.  Like, for instance, ten.
You got more than one?
Which number do you want, George?
I do.
You want my number?
Now, don't be like that.  Tell you what. How about if I take you out on a date to apologize for my rudeness?
Just think of me as the person next door who likes it quiet, and we'll get along fine.
Ooh, now, see, if I'da known there was a beautiful woman next door, I'da done this different.  Let's start over.  My name's George.  What's yours?
Well, I'm the neighbors.  There, now we're introduced, so you can shut the fuck up.
Just introducing myself to the neighbors.
What the hell do you think you're doing, making all that Goddamn noise?
Well, hello to you, darlin'.
A lot.  But you hang in there, maybe you'll get one.
I thought if I could spend that kinda money on a car, it'd mean everything else was fine.  I don't even know how much they cost.
Jaguar's a darn pretty car.
Know what I always thought I wanted outta life, Erin?  A Jaguar.
I'm real sorry, Laura.
It's just -- the pain.  It's only getting worse.  I can't be a good wife.  I can't be a good mother.
That's okay.  I understand.
I'm embarrassed.
You're clever.  I'm sure you'll think of something.
Now how'm I supposed to do that when I'm not in here most mornings and nights?
I moved payroll onto the computer.  It only knows to process paychecks for employees who log on in the morning and off at night.
What?
Have you been logging on?
Where's my paycheck?
<u>Excuse me</u>?
I am not talking to you, bitch.
Yes.  It's called accountability.
What am I supposed to do, check in every two seconds?
There may be jobs where you can disappear for days at a time, but this isn't one of them.  Here, if you don't do the work, you don't get to stay.
What's going on?
-- toothbrush, toothpaste, and a pair of hose.  Here.
I had photos of my kids, plus a mug --
Nice to see you, Erin.  We've missed you.
Someone stole my stuff.
What do I look like, Erin?  A library?
I mean, it's not a problem or anything, but -- I'm just a little unclear on what those things are.  I thought maybe you'd know.
Well, this old neighbor of mine, Bob Linwood -- he ran the dairy on Community -- seemed like someone in his family always had a rash somewhere or other.  I just figured it was something in the genes.  And you know how it is -- you don't like to ask about things like that ...
Uh-huh?
You know that thing it says in here about rashes?
I'm surprised Donna didn't say anything.
I know.  It's an awful lot.
What?
There's something else, too.
It sure could, yeah.  Thanks a lot.
When Donna told us about you, and what you told her about the chromium, we figured that might have something to do with this, too.
Yeah.  Who are you?
Excuse me, are you Erin Brockovich?
I know.  But it's good for me.  Now I can help my daughter take care of my grandkids. And it's good for you, too.  Now you have money, you can find a good babysitter, huh? Not the old lady next door.
Wow, that's soon --
Next week.
You're moving away?  When?
My daughter, she's bought a big house with a room for me.  I'm going to move in with her.
What?
Ai, bueno.  Because I didn't want to tell you before, with your worries --
It'll be fine, yeah.
Outside with the sprinkler.  So it's good?
Hi, sweetie.  Were you a good girl?  Where are Matt and Katie?
Don't go telling anyone.  It'll ruin my reputation.
I gotta say, Erin -- first time I saw you, I did not peg you as the kind to go off and conduct her own epidemiological study.
Well, if you're talking about contamination, you're getting out of my area of expertise. Let me give you the name of a toxicologist friend of mine over at USC.
Uh-huh.  Spent the last few days knocking on doors.  And you know what?  They're not.  I mean, they got problems, but none of this cancer stuff.  And their pets are fine.  So I don't know -- I just can't shake the feeling that it wasn't no multivitamin they put in the water.
You did?
... and when I realized our area's just as bad as Hinkley, I thought maybe my neighbors are all sick too.  So I went and asked.
Well, from what this stuff says, I'd say they both have some form of cancer.
Their parents, I'm pretty sure.
They've both got some immune system problem. Can't say what from, whether it's viral or genetic or what, but something's wrong.  And these guys -- Donna and Peter --
Right, I guess those are the kids --
Well, look, there isn't a ton of information here, but from what there is, I'd say that these two people here -- what are their names?  Shanna and Ashley?
Of course!  Oh, gosh, of course --
No one put me up to anything.  I was just hoping I could ask you a couple questions.
Oh.  Oh.
He did, didn't he?  <u>Baxter</u>!
Who's Baxter?
Is this a joke?  Did Baxter put you up to this?
Hi, I'm Erin Brockovich.  I was just over in the library there, asking a mess of questions about -- I guess they call it epidemiology? -- and the fella there told me to find you, cause you know all about it.
Yes?
Dr. Paulsen?
