--By itself it is only a piece of steel. Its power comes from he who wields it. For now there is no one. Do as I have ordered!
My King, I couldn't do it. Excalibur cannot be lost. Other men--
...I saw nothing.
When you threw it in, what did you see?
--Take Excalibur. Find a pool of calm water and throw the sword into it.
I cannot--
There is one thing left to do... Excalibur... And you must do it, Perceval. Leave my wounds, I command you.
...Perceval!
In the name of God, of St. Michael, and St. George, I make you a knight. Rise, Sir...
He heard Lady Guenevere's request and he said nothing. That is all.
Is he coming?
--It is the old wound, that has been opened. I have always known it would be the gateway to my death, for it has never healed. Let my heart do its job, my King, and pump me empty...
You are that and much more. You are its greatest knight, you are what is best in men. Now we will be together--
My salvation is to die a Knight of the Round Table.
Lancelot, I will save you... Don't die.
Arthur.
It is deep...
Hasn't Merlin mended your wound?
But one can still keep a sword sharp riding out in the name of the King's law.
They miss the battlefield. I think we do too.
Only give me leave to ride out again, to do what I am most able to do, and happiest doing.
Your deeds set an example for all other knights. For your gift, ask a gift of me.
I do. Rise, Lancelot, come with me.
These men repented before God for their evil deeds. Those who would not, met their fate at the end of my sword.  Accept the fruit of my first quest as my wedding gift.
We spared the lives of a few, so they could sail home and tell their fellows what fate they met at the hands of King Arthur's knights...
Lancelot, how did you fare in the North?
And a great heart it is. Sir Lancelot, you will be my champion.
My domain is here, inside this metal skin. And I would pledge to you all that I still own: muscle, bone, blood and the heart that pumps it.
I gave up my castles and my lands!
But your life and lands are far from here.
Then make me your champion and I will always fight in your place.
You are still the best knight in Christiandom. You gained a hundred advantages over me. It is I who must love you, for through your courage and patience you taught me a bitter lesson.
I, the best knight in the world, bested! This is a great day, for my search is over. I love you, my King.
Thanks to God, you are alive.
It is you, sir, who knows not the virtue of humility, as a true king must.
So be it, to the death.
Sir, your rage has unbalanced you. It seems you would fight to the death against a knight who is not your enemy, for a length of road you can ride around.
I sought only not to harm you, sir.
Fight me from your horse or on foot, but fight me. Your avoidance mocks me.
I will not.
Yield. I have the advantage.
I will not. You must retreat or prove your kingship in the test of arms, under the eyes of God.
Move aside!
Not a boast, sir, but a curse.  Never have I met my match in joust or duel.
--That is a wild boast. You lack a knight's humility.
I am Sir Lancelot of the Lake, from across the sea. I am the best knight in the whole of Christiandom, and I look for the king who is worthy of my sword's service.
I am King, and this is Excalibur, sword of kings from the dawn of time. Who are you, and why do you block the way?
I await the King himself. His knights are in need of training.
Move aside. This is the King's road, and the knights you joined arms against were his very own.
Good day to you, sir.
Lancelot?... It is Lancelot!
He can be no other.
I dreamed of him too... Merlin lives! He lives in our dreams now, in that dark and shadowy place that is as strong and real as this more solid one. He speaks to us from there.
Yes. He spoke to me. He said I would fight bravely tomorrow. I have never dreamed of Merlin before.
Of Merlin?
Merlin, will I live...?  ...I was dreaming...
Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more. I have lived through others far too long! Lancelot carried my honor and Guenevere my guilt. My knights have fought my causes. Mordred carries my sins. Now, at last, I will rule.
Perceval, you have returned!
...Gawain and Perceval, Bors and Bohort, Caradoc and Ector, and all the others--lost to me. Only the echo of their voices remains in this empty hall. All I have left is the memory of their fellowship. Echoes and memories. I am a ghost of the King that once was...  ...Mordred is real, alive, my own flesh and blood. I will see him, I must.
Don't recognize him. You were trapped by Morgana's sorcery.
At last...
Is this a dream? Tell me, Merlin!
--Stories... You brought me back. Your love brought me back. Back to where you are now, in the land of dreams...
Where have you been these many years? Is it true that Morgana--
But, I'm here.
It is like a tree. The roots of the stones spread out across the land and they draw on the thoughts and actions of men. Like sap those human matters course through the stones feeding the stars that are the leaves of the tree. And the stars whisper back to men the future course of events.  But the earth is being torn apart, its metals stolen, and the balance is broken and the lines of power no longer converge. In fact, I nearly didn't make it in one piece.
What is this place, Merlin?
I know. I have heard noises and echoes through the stones...
Quiet. You'll wake the men, and they must fight tomorrow for their very lives.
I cannot. I must not. Here I must stay.
I must do it myself. I must kill them both. Lancelot and Guenevere. Will you ride with me, Merlin?
You betray the boy who drew the sword, the boy who saw the Dragon... the Dragon who moves close by, coiling and uncoiling, restless, looking down, waiting for the King to be a king...
Me? I have lived by the oath of king and knight.
My powers fade, Arthur. I resort to cheap tricks...  Yes! I enjoy every moment of my foolishness, I join in the making of it, so no one can betray me. But you! You betray yourself.
With all your powers, you are content to be ridiculed, laughed at...
That is my destiny. I have a destiny, too...
I am alone and betrayed. By my wife, by my beloved friend, by my knights. And by you. Perhaps most of all by you. For you made me, you forged this wretched life. And like a child tired of a toy, you toss me aside, a babbling lecher trotting after my sister...
I didn't ask for poetry. Which is it?
What?  The greatest? They blend together like the metals we mix to make a good sword.
A king should be afraid, always. The enemy is everywhere. Waiting in ambush in the dark corridors of his castle, on the deer paths of his forest, or in the gray and winding paths of a more tangled forest, in here.
Just yes? No mad laughter, no riddles, nothing but a simple yes? That frightens me.
Yes.
What is it my child?
Merlin, tell me. Now that Guenevere is returned to me...
Never where you expect it, that's all I know.
Where hides evil, then, in my kingdom?
Good and evil; there is never one without the other.
Then answer me this. For years peace has reigned in the land. Crops grow in abundance, there is no want. Every one of my subjects enjoys his portion of happiness and justice, even those whose tiresome misunderstandings we must resolve here each day. Tell me, Merlin: have we defeated evil, as it seems?
At your service, sir.
...to ride out and meet them.
The knights of Galys approach the camp. It would be politic...
The Lady of the Lake. Take it. Take it, quickly!
Excalibur! Is it true?
You know full well there is, and I go to meet it now. Come witness my revenge.
Come now. So much anger for such a little crime? Are you sure there is nothing else troubling you?
So you were stealing their honey. They should have killed you.
I had to weave a little enchantment on the bees so I could get some honey, and I didn't feel up to using any more magic just yet. Anyway, I was in less danger than you'll be in today.
I should have left you to fend for yourself.
You're not listening. Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind.
Guenevere...
Guenevere. And a beloved friend who will betray you.
Who will it be? Put your mind to it, then.
There are maidens as fair, and fairer than Guenevere. If I put my mind to it, I could see them now, many of them, weeping for love of you, watching the hills for you coming from the high towers of their castles. Offering you their every favor. Rich, clever--but if it is to be Guenevere, so be it.
I love her. If she would be my queen, my dreams would be answered.
...of course...
A king must marry, after all.
What's this, what's this?!
Then as knight to knight I can offer you mercy.
The dragon! There...
What?!
The book without pages. Open before you, all around us. You can see it in bits and pieces, for if mortal men were to see it whole and all complete in a single glance, why, it would burn him to cinders.
What book is that?
In the great book.
How? Where?
Because you must! You and only you. Have you forgotten that it was you who freed Excalibur?
It's just that I have no experience, and no men to speak of. How can I--
Thank you.
I must find the means to save him, then. I was hoping I could ask you for a little magic help, but if it makes you so tired...
Well there. You don't need me half as much as you think you do. You already know what must not happen.
Yes, yes, I know that. Everybody does. Lord Leondegrance is my only ally among the barons and the great knights. I can't lose him.
It is whispered in the forest that...  ...Leondegrance's castle is under siege by Lot and Uryens.
'Help me, Help me.' Help me get up.
Merlin, help me. I need your help. I don't know how--
That's not why you came.
I want to thank you.
But not from your destiny.
You saved me from the arrow...
You are the son of King Uther, and the fair Igrayne... you are King Arthur.
Whose son am I?
Speak of the devil!...
Who is Merlin?
So be it.
I will muster a great force of knights, and I will return to fight for what is mine.
And I offer only this, Father. To commit with passion and pleasure all the evils that you failed to commit, as man and king.
I cannot offer you the land, only my love...
Your mother told you that?
The very spear that pierced the side of Christ as he died on the cross.
And you are the great King? The lords have rebelled. Invaders attack the coasts. Crops don't grow. There is nothing but plague and hunger in the land. Only I am feared. I will be king. You may have lost Excalibur, but I have found my own weapon of power. There.
I recognize you only as my son, no more.
I have come to claim what is mine, Father.
Rise, Mordred.
Father...
We fought and won battles, and now one man defeats all my knights? I will go.
He is the mightiest and fairest of knights.
I don't know. Merlin brought you to me when you were newly born and charged me to raise you as my own. At first, I did so because I feared Merlin, later because I loved you.
Who is, then?
I did, Father. I beg your forgiveness.
You freed it, son?
Sir... Kay needed a sword. His was stolen. I saw Excalibur, and... I took it.
Well hurry then, and get it.
I left it in the tent, sir.
I have kept it.
Forgive me, my wife, if you can. I was not born to live a man's life, but to be the stuff of future memory. The fellowship was a brief beginning, a fair time that cannot be forgotten; and because it will not be forgotten, that fair time may come again. Now once more I must ride with my knights to defend what was, and the dream of what could be.
I loved you much, as King, and sometimes as husband, but one cannot gaze too long at the sun in the sky.
And if he cannot be found, no other knight will champion me, though you beseeched each and every one of them. Why be king if there is no one you can call loyal subject but an eager boy?
The laws, my laws, must bind everyone, high and low, or they are not laws at all. Lancelot will come...
And you cannot love me...
If I am your judge, I cannot be your champion. When I act as your King, I cannot be your husband.
Why can't you be my champion?
Not you, my husband?
The Queen will be in my charge till a champion steps forward to fight on her behalf.
No. I meant not to be angry with you, Sir Gahalt. In the idleness that comes with peace gossip has bread its own evil. You merely repeat it. Please, sir, have one of those apples that Lancelot loves, and in that gesture partake of its goodness.
Sir Gahalt, answer the Queen.
Without Lancelot?!
Don't start a war on my wedding day!
I will ride with Sir Kay. Lancelot, rest here.
I grant you your wish if you grant Lady Guenevere hers.
He must stay for the feasting days of our wedding, and tell his deeds himself.
Quiet, or I'll sew up your mouth too.
I'm going.
No, I think it's better if you just stay here to heal. At least a week.
Well, then, I shall tell you which knights have maiden daughters, so you can avoid their castles.
I didn't know Leondegrance had a daughter.
--And damsels in besieged castles are waiting to be rescued?
But I have to leave tomorrow. The forests are thick with rebels, invaders plunder our shores...
--I'm pretty good at stitchery. I've sewn my father's wounds more than once.
Ye...
It didn't hurt too much, did it?
You and the land are one. Drink from the chalice. You will be reborn and the land with you.
I am wasting away and I cannot die. And I cannot live.
Because you and the land are one.
I have waited long for you. Once you almost saw, but fear blinded you. Why am I served from the chalice?
You, my lord.
Who does it serve?
We are to blame.
The King without his sword, the land without a king...
He has given up.
Why didn't he kill us?
--Nothing!
There are things about love--
Love demands it.
The law forbids it.
I cannot love as a woman the lady who will be wife to my King and my friend. And, in pledging my love to you, I cannot love any other woman.
To me? But why?
Yes. I would swear my love to you.
Me?
You.
Who?!
There is one.
And there is no maiden in the whole world who inspires you?
I am a fighting man and I am married to the quest. That is enough.
Why?
No.
The well-kept secret is whether any of them has won your heart.
--It must wait, child. These good ladies, for whom I intervened once, will honor me with a meal. I am beholden to them now as I was when they begged my protection.
I have found you. The Queen. An apple. Tomorrow. Sir Gawain...
Twenty days!? The world is that big?
Listen, boy, it's more than twenty days from here.
I will run.
Very well. Climb up.
You're a man?!  ...with metal skin!
Just a man. A knight in the King's service.
--I am the fog and mists that rise up from the sea, escaping...
--I am the sea, which covers the desert forever under its weight.
I am the desert, where water disappears--
I am the cloudburst that quenches the flames.
What's behind that beauty? A wizened, cold-hearted snake.
You provoke me, Merlin.
Walls of shining crystals, burning with red fire, furnishings of metals and jewels never seen by man...
What do you want? You must desire it for me to weave it.
I won't. You would misuse such power. I have paid enough for you, and I will have you.
Merlin, the powers of Summoning, the true Name of the charms of Doing and Undoing. Show me!
Flattery! Do you think I am ignorant of your stupid little games? Preying on you weakness of others. That's your power, a petty evil. Mine is great. Great plans. Impossible dreams. Laughable endings...
You are truly magnificent!
Why?
They do.
People make you laugh?
When Arthur built the castle, I carved out a place for myself, where I could laugh or sleep, and no one would bother me.
That I cannot.
You know what I want. I want the secret of true magic, how to thicken the stuff of dreams and wishes with the flesh of the world.
Maybe... maybe...
The deepest secrets, the forbidden formulas...
I showed you all my conjuring tricks...
Shh... yes, yes. Sit with me, please... Morgana.
A lovestruck page!
No. Yes, I am. I am jealous. I want to write poems about you with moonbeams, make the sea sing your name...
It's clear you are, and it irks me.
I'm not jealous!
No, no, of course not. You are young...
Can it truly be used for magic?
It is.
Is that Mandrake, Lord Merlin?
You left your husband's side? You left your brother's wedding?
They are not weapons, my friend, but truths. You betrayed the Duke, stole his wife and took his castle, now no one trusts you. Lot, Uryens, your allies will turn against you. Give me the child, Uther, I will protect him. Go back to your war tent.
You strike me with words as hard as steel.
Maybe not even that, Uther. I thought once that you were the one to unite the land under one sword. But it'll take another, a greater king...
To kill and be king, is that all?
It's not for you, Uther, hearth and home, wife and child.
You didn't ask!
The oath. You didn't say--
The child is mine, Uther. I have come for him.
I?
Now you must pay me.
Doing what I did for you, it wasn't easy, you know. It takes it's toll. It took nine moons to get back my strength.
Merlin! Out of the sick sleep at last.
I swear it.
--What issues from your lust will be mine. Swear it again.
I swear it. By Excalibur and the holy--
Dumb riddles, Merlin. I am your King.
I have walked my way since the beginning of time. Sometimes I give, sometimes I take. It is mine to know which, and when.
One land, one king! That is my peace!
Behold the sword of power, Excalibur. Before Uther, it belonged to Lud, before Lud, to Beowulf, before Beowulf to Baldur the Good, before Baldur to Thor himself and that was when the world was young and there were more than seven colors in the rainbow.  Speak the words.
Just show the sword.
I should butcher all and every one of them. Merlin, what is this wagging of tongues?
Talk. Lovers murmuring to each other...
It's done. A truce. We meet at the river.
