Well, how about hypnosis? That can't hurt him!
I'd hold that off awhile.
Now how soon can we try Sodium Pentathol?
Along the Optic Nerve to the Eye.
If I were in their place and I'd run out of time, I'd abandon the ship before I grew to dangerous size... and use the few extra minutes to get out the quickest way possible, on my own...
What're you getting at?
That blip we're picking up might only be the radio-active particle. The Proteus may already be destroyed...
What is it?
It means killing Benes...  And for all we know, they may have completed the operation!  Damn it to hell!
Time's up... We'll have to take them out immediately.
I can't help it. I'm just weak, I guess.
I told you to cut down on the sugar.
Let's find what the devil's holding them up!  Contact the Proteus!
It'll be close -- but there's still a margin of safety.
Another delay... With only forty-two minutes left.
They'll make up some time, once they get through that and reach the Pleural Cavity.  Respiration Post...
They're in the Pulmonary Artery.
Message to Proteus.
<Cardiac Red Alert> we're stopping the Heart.
Nothing -- compared to starting it up again.
What are the problems in stopping the Heart?
That would give us only three seconds to revive him...
At topspeed...and adjusting distance for Degree of Miniaturization --  The sub should get through the Heart in fifty-seven seconds.
In his comatose state...and everything slowed down...no more than sixty seconds.
I know that. But what's the maximum?
The less time, the better.
Doctor...without killing him -- how long could we stop his heart?
Not until the very last second. We must think of something... Something to save the situation.
But it's hopeless! They can't go back and they can't go on. I tell you there's nothing else we can do but remove them!
We still have fifty-one minutes. Leave them in.
No...
But we have no choice! We've got, to take them out!
Normally not. Unless it's an Arterio-Venous Fistula --
That can't be -- there's no direct connection between the two --
They've crossed over into the Jugular Vein!
Phase Two.
Okay to proceed.
Medical's ready.
Where do we stand?
We understand your concern, but we've made our decision, Doctor. Any questions? Anybody?
Benes' natural defenses. White Corpuscles -- Antibodies. Once you begin to grow -- and become a menace to the body -- you'll trigger them off... MICHAELS With all the unknown factors in the body, I still say risking five lives for one is something we should reconsider --
Here's the overall Target Area...
Grant's uniquely qualified for this mission. He's a Communications Expert and was a Frogman during the War. Besides, he brought Benes into this country, and the fewer people who know about him, the better. At any rate, you'll find Grant invaluable, should anything go wrong once you're under way.  Okay, Don.
Why don't you go on. We'll meet you at the Clearance Desk in a few minutes.
Yes, we'd like to get moving.
He's blanked out on that one particular point.
Can't remember?... What do you mean?
Oh yes, great. The only problem is, he can't remember what he came to tell us.
Where can I get a cab back to town?
Yes?
Just one, General...
Attack? Who -- or should I say what from?
There'll be a team of Surgeons standing by. We're prepared to remove you immediately, should anything go wrong. In any event, you must be out within sixty minutes. After that, you'll be in danger of attack.
Oh yes, I've heard of you, Doctor.
This is Dr. Duval, our Head Surgeon.
Not even for a minute! General Carter, sir, I'd like you to reconsider your choice. I'm just not the right man for a mission of this kind.
It's only for an hour --
But I don't want to be Miniaturized -- !
Grant, our Miniaturizer can shrink anything.
Wait a minute! They can't shrink <me>!
As part of the Crew.
You mean <I'm> going along?
Well, the only way to reach that clot is from inside the Brain. So we've decided to put a Surgical Team and a Crew into a submarine -- reduce it way down in size, and inject it into an Artery --
Trip? Where to?
And take a little trip with them...
They're bound to try again. No wonder they want me to stand by during the operation.
That's right. He wanted us to have the secret, and not them. Which is why they tried to kill him.
I assume Benes knows how to control it.
They have...  But we've both got the same problem -- lack or control. We can only keep things Miniaturized for exactly sixty minutes. Arter that, everything starts growing back to its original size.
If the Other Side ever gets hold of a thing like that...
We can shrink an Army -- with all its equipment -- and put it in a bottle cap. That's why we call it <Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
General, I've heard some wild ones. But this takes it.
Say that again?
<Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces>.
I don't mean to be inquisitive. But this <CMDF> -- for all I know it could stand for <Consolidated Mobilization of Female Delinquents>?
No question of her loyalty.
His technician okay? In addition to the Looks Department?
Come along, they'll be operating shortly.  See you later, Mike.
Right, sir.
I wouldn't know if he's trying to save him or kill him.
We have no choice. Duval's the most skillful brain surgeon in the country, and he's right here, at hand.
But why take the chance, when there must be other doctors?
Tell him where he fits in, will you? I've got a few things to check out.
Wish I knew why.
What can I do? Except maybe pass out?
Cora Peterson, his Technical Assistant. You'll join Duval and the others --
Sorry, but I'm rusty on surgeons. Who's the girl?
Duval. Dr. Peter Duval. Top brain man in the country. Ever hear of him?
Here's the Surgeon.
I can't even put a Band-Aid on my finger.
<Me>?
-- and why we need you.
Before he could breathe a word. He's the only scientist who knows the answer to what we're after. That's why we have to operate --
Before or after what he wanted to tell you?
Brain injury.
How bad off is he?
The Other Side got to him.
Benes... What the devil happened?
The Pentagon, wasn't it, General? Only you weren't in that uniform...
Hello, Grant. Good to see you again.
And no matter what happens, you're to take orders <only> from Dr. Michaels, understand?
I'll be standing by. <I'll> know.
That's no reason to suspect him of disloyalty.
Difficult? He's impossible!
I don't agree. Just because he's often difficult --
[LINE OF DIALOGUE CUT OFF]
Glad to have you with us, Mr. Grant.
Meet Grant. This is Dr. Michaels, Chief of the Medical Section.
Yes, Alan.
Yes, there's no time to spare. And those fibers can be quite tenacious.
Wouldn't it be quicker if we all helped?
No danger of attack, as long as you don't trigger them off by any injury to the System.
You're going out there? With those Antibodies --
With no laser --
We must!
That's beside the point now.  I don't see the sense of going on.
We'll know -- in the next breath...
But we just can't leave him in there! What'll happen to him?
It must have been jarred loose during the whirlpool.
I can't imagine how it possibly could have come loose. I distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --
Yes...slowed down agreat deal.
Listen...the Heart.
He certainly is. He should be up and about in no time.
He's making a fine recovery.
I don't know yet, Doctor. And I won't know until I test it.
Cora, is something wrong with the laser?
No danger of an embolism. At our reduced scale, they're much too minute to prove fatal to Benes.
Air bubbles!... Doctor --
Dr. Michaels is right. We have no choice.
Doctor...you can't mean that! Not when we've come this far. And if we give up, there'll be no way of saving Mr. Benes --
But big enough for us...
Yes, a fistula too small to show up on the X-rays.
They're much smaller than bacteria...
Never saw <that>. Not even under an electron-mrcroscope.
Thank you for volunteering.
I just wanted to thank you for taking me along.
What is it?  Anything wrong?
I -- I want to say...
Yes, Cora.
Doctor...
Look! They follow the direction of her glance, are startled to see:
We better get back to the sub. Every second counts now.
Well, if you happen to be very fond of him -- even in love with him -- it would certainly affect your point of view.
What do you mean?
Depends on which end of the telescope you look through.
Oh, no. Plenty of cause. He won't follow the herd, or change his convictions -- even when they're not popular. And he believes in an absolutely free interchange of information between scientists of different countries -- and these days, there's nothing more suspicious than that.
Under a cloud without cause, I take it.
You're not the first, but he's much too innocent, much too involved with his work, to realize what's going on around him.
As obvious as that? Our Security people will jump for joy.  I suppose Duval's onto me, too?
That's why you're really here. I knew it from the start.
What gives you that idea?
Keeping an eye on Dr. Duval...
Such as?
A great deal more than that, I believe...
That's what they pay me for.
Thank you for saving my life.
I feel much better now...
No need to get up --
I can't till the hatch is flooded!
Open it! Open it before they get here!
I've got a source. All I have to do is tap it.
Oh yes, I'm sure Dr. Duval could. If we had the parts.
A surgeon might...
No, it requires such absolute precision --
If you had a transistor about this size and power output, and a thin enough wire --  -- could you piece it together?
Not anything built into the chassis.  If it hadn't come loose --
You must carry spare parts --
You can't --it's too dangerous --
I'll try to hold it from the other side of the wall, while you push from out here. Maybe that'll do it.
Not now. We need air, not greetings!
Shouldn't you answer that?
I have no idea.
Then how come it worked loose?
But I did. I'm positive!
Looks like you didn't batten it down too well.
Doctor -- is it possible? That we're seeing it happen before our eyes?
Look at that...they're changing color...
And if it should take more time to get through --
-- at which point the Heart will be stopped by electric shock.
I always thought it was nothing but red.
I never...never imagined it could be anything...like this.
Not working for someone like Dr. Duval --
A long time, with one man.
I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF, over five years ago.
I understand you've been Dr. Duval's Assistant for quite some time... He must've snatched you out of the cradle.
Not in the hands of a great surgeon like Dr. Duval. The beam of this laser can be regulated to one millionth of a millimeter.
That could be quite a lethal weapon... It could kill, not cure.
Now I know...
That'll teach you where to keep your hand.
You may learn to like it.
That's the trouble. I am. Being shrunk...
I think it's the most exciting --  We're going to see things no one ever saw before. The actual physical process of Life itself -- not something under a microscope... Just think of it --
Well, it's not exactly a pleasure cruise.
You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.
I'll take some Laughing Gas, ma'am.
We're pushing oxygen today.
Bet you're pretty handy around the house... Can you cook?
I'm going to do what I can to save Benes.
Dr. Duval, you are not going through with this! I absolutely forbid it! I'm responsible for the lives of everyone here! I will not allow you or anyone else to leave this ship!
We have no alternative. With only six minutes left, we'll just barely make it.
Removal Point? What're you talking about!
The Breath of God...
What's that?
You left something out.
--and certain chemicals involving proteins --
Take a close look at your Soul, and your Infinity, and your God out there --
The Soul? The finite mind cannot comprehend Infinity. And the Soul which comes from God is Infinite.
I know only too well what's in the balance, Doctor. And it's not my ego, damned or otherwise.
As usual, you want everything your way. Except this time there's more than your damned ego at stake.
I'll do nothing of the sort! The operation is <my> responsibility! I won't do it, and that's final!
Dr. Duvall I insist you test the laser.
If it won't work, it's beyond my power to fix it. But if it does, there's no telling how long it will hold up. It's a jury rig, at best, and we'll need every second of use we can get out of it. That's why I don't want to put any extra strain on the connections by running unnecessary tests.
All I'm asking is you test it beforehand!
I've done all I could with the laser.
Better Judgment?! To wait until the actual operation -- when it may be too late?
It's against my better Judgment...
If we can go in past the Oculomotor Nerve...
Yes...
That puts us right here... Which means we can head straight for the Sub Arachnoid Cavity.
Nothing -- against all that force.
What can we do?
You can't believe all that's accidental? That there isn't a Creative Intelligence at work --
Nothing miraculous about it. Just an interchange of gases. The end product of five hundred million years of Evolution.
Captain -- head in the d1rection of the flow and drift with it.
We can't take a second more.
Not in a sealed vessel like an Artery.  Captain -- something must be wrong with your controls!
But that isn't possible.
That's not the purpose of this mission.  Captain -- keep a straight course -- until you're in the clear.
I don't agree. I think we ought to stop and take a sample.
Looks like the molecular structure of proteins.
It's too late now. We must go on.
I can't breathe!... I've got to get out!
Doctor, what's wrong?
It's too late!
What about Dr. Michaels?
You said there was a quick way out!
We could follow the Optic Nerve to the corner of the Eye.
The ship's good as finished. We'll have to get out on our own! Is there a quick way out?
It I can clear this Central Nerve, that <may> be enough...
Doctor, we've just about had it.
If I can relieve the pressure on a few key vessels...
How does it look, Doctor?
"Proclaiming in incandescent glory The myriad Mind of Man..."
"Yet all the suns that light the Corridors of the Universe shine dim, Before the blazing of a Single Thought -- "
Then why not take it?
Yes...  We can transfer over to the Inner Ear, and go by way of the Endolymphatic Duct.
Isn't there another route? So we can by-pass all this?
We'll never get there in time, at this rate.
No, there's no other way.
Isn't there another surgical procedure you can try?
Maybe we can...  Skipper, is there a snorkel on this sub?
Just a few cells away from a vast air chamber -- one of the countless Alvioli of the Lung -- and we can't get enough to fill a microscopic tank.
Oxygenation...
Don't tell me they're refueling...
A simple exchange, Mr. Grant. Corpuscles releasing carbon dioxide -- the moment they touch the Wall of the Lung -- in return for oxygen coming through from the other side.
Mind letting me in on what's going on out there?
They all lead to the same place -- the Lungs.
I'd hate to get lost on that Freeway...
Quite a piece of plumbing.
Only to the naked eye.  Those corpuscles -- carrying oxygen -- give the stream its color. But the rest of the plasma's very much like sea water. An ocean of life...
Everything can be divided in half, no matter how minute.
You mean Inner Space is endless?
The Medieval Philosophers were right... <Man> is the center of the Universe... We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.
Why not? Because of his gibberish about GOd and the Soul? Camouflage -- that's all it is -- to blind the gullible like you! And to hide his real identity -- a fanatic whose only purpose is to kill Benes! And you made it possible!
I don't believe that.
Nothing has changed as far as <my> authority goes! He is <not> going to operate! Not in the little time we have left! There's no chance of success! It's sheer suicide for all of us!
Sorry, but the situation has changed.
I'm in charge of this mission! You were instructed to take orders from me, not give them!
How long will it take to get from here to the Removal Point?
Once time's up, De-Miniaturization begins. In a matter of seconds the ship will grow big enough to become a danger to the System. Then White Corpuscles will swarm to destroy it, as they would any invader.
Hold it, Skipper.  What happens if we overstay?
No, we should reach the base of the Brain shortly. And from there, it's not far to the site of the injury.
Looks like quite a way to go...
Let's hope they realize the danger.  Captain, I'll give you a new compass heading.
They're tracking us Topside. Once they see where we're going, I'm sure they'll take every precaution.
Just what it is. Antibodies, destroying Bacteria -- or any other foreign invader that threatens the System.
Looks like somebody declared war.
Reticular fibers. We ought to be clear of them soon.
Skipper, you're picking up seaweed -- or whatever it is.
The Lymphatic System drains off excess fluid from the Tissues. Without it, we'd all swell up like balloons. He reaches the console, begins to take out a new chart.
I always had an idea there was only one System. The Circulatory.
We're entering the Lymphatic System. Those are nuclei of cells, lining a Duct.
It's possible --
Two in a row?
I can't believe it. Whatever happened was an accident.
You still never know what's going on in anyone's mind...
I -- I don't know what to say. I know he's under a cloud, but there's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession.
That line was tampered with...
You have no right to blame Duval --
I saw the laser just before we started. It was fastened down securely. You don't suppose what happened was an 'accident?' Any more than my safety line snapping after it was tied off to the sub?
Sabotage? I don't understand...
Let's hope... So far, somebody's tried to sabotage this mission twice.
His Pleura's in fine condition. It should be clear sailing through this area.
Cough? If he can kick up a storm by just <breathing> --
We're safe -- long as it remains that color...  We're in the Pleural Sac.  It keeps the Lungs from rubbing against the Wall of the Chest up there. When those membranes become inflamed, we wind up with Pleurisy -- and a wracking cough.
Looks like the sea, at dawn.
Send the following message...
Well, sir? Which is it? The wireless, or Benes' life?
They'll still be able to track us by radar, because of the radioactive fuel.
But that'll knock out our communications! We'll be cutting ourselves off from the outside.
Just one little transistor and a circuit wire is all it takes.
Grant -- wait a minute -- you're not going to dismantle the wireless?
Walt for the lull -- between the time he inhales and exhales.
All right now -- push the snorkel through as soon as I get inside.
There's no other way. Tie my safety line to the sub.
Yes -- with all that pressure, and suction within --
Well, we better get on with it.
In a way -- yes. Those are impurities imbedded in the Lung after a lifetime of 'Civilization.' Carbon from smoke and smog -- specks of dust --
If those Corpuscles can take on air, no reason why we can't.  All we have to do is hook up the snorkel to that air chamber you were talk1ng about, and when Benes inhales, there should be plenty of pressure to force the oxygen into the tank.  How's that sound to you, Skipper?
At this size, I would certainly think so.
Fasten yourselves in. There should be a tremendous surge when the Heart starts up again.
There it is!
It lays down quite a barrage in a lifetime. Forty million beats.
Sounds like heavy artillery...
Request removal, Mr. Grant.
If there's any chance --
Tell them to take us out.
I'm afraid there's only one thing we can do. Call off the mission.
That's just dandy. We can't go forward -- and we can't go back.
Yes... We can go forward on this course, but it means going directly through the Heart.
If we can't go back, is there an alternate route?
A forced joining of an Artery and Vein. Must've happened when Benes was hurt.
A what?
Well, it seems to me if you reduce a ship to microscopic size -- and the stream remains constant -- we'd take quite a beating.
About forty miles an hour.
How are you, Miss Peterson?
Miss Peterson, his Technical Assistant.
Surgical assassination?! But that means you suspect --
They know they failed to kill Benes. Security thinks they'll try again, first chance they get. We're afraid of medical sabotage -- or surgical assassination.
At an operation?
We need you for Security purposes, Mr. Grant.
And she said it was indelible...
I'm married.
What'd you do that for?
Go ahead.
May I?
I can't tell you that either... Excuse me, Mr. Grant, but you've got a smudge on your cheek.
Where we going?
I can't tell you.
I thought I was on my vacation... What's it all about?
Sorry we had to get you up at this hour, Mr. Grant.
Nothing wrong with us! Not a thing! We're fine -- just fine!
Oh -- sure, sure! Never better!
We feel great, don't we? Just <great>?!
Uh -- what?
Who, me? Oh, no! Don't bother about me! We're not hurt! Isn't that right, Skipper?
We can get out through the Lab Section.
Come on -- it's no use!
Berserk nothing. He's the one who's been sabotaging the mission...  Get this on. Hurry!
Dr. Michaels... He went berserk...
What happened?
Remember -- we can't take more than five minutes to get out.
I've come up against fanatics before, and Duval just doesn't fit the pattern.  I'm going out there, Skipper. Maybe I can be of some help...
Enough to breathe, but that's all.
Any reserve air?
Positions, please. And strap yourselves in.
'Prepare for Miniaturization'...
Remind me to ask you about the love life of an octupus.
Designed for Piscatorial Research -- the Spawning Habits of Deep Sea Fish.
All in all, quite a canoe...
It should work -- theoretically. If it doesn't, the mission's off. The craft's nuclear-powered. Except for your wireless.
That's cutting it mighty close -- for a perfect fit.
They can't reduce nuclear fuel. But once the Reactor's Miniaturized -- along with the submarine -- a microscopic particle should emit enough energy to activate it.
If it's no military secret, how can a sub run on a microscopic particle?
Nothing you could see with the naked eye. But there's a microscopic radio-active particle inside.
Atomic fuel?
That makes two of us.
Sort of.
Out of your element, aren't you, Captain?
I could use a lawnmower...
How's it look?
What I was afraid would happen. The stuff we passed through -- that looked like seaweed --
What's wrong, Skipper?
Look at those Walls up ahead!
Thirty-two minutes left...  But chances are we won't have to wait that long for try-number three.
Could I run a tube through that Wall, without harming Benes?
Yes, there is.
We're losing pressure in the Flotation Tanks. Check the Manual, right over there.
What is it, Skipper?
Yes, by all means. We must try it.
It's a dangerous procedure. If I miss the timing, we could explode the tanks... But I'm willing to try it.
Not to the valve. But we've lost too much air to make it the rest of the way.
Was there any damage?
Well, that takes care of the valve. It was probably caused by that electric shock.
I'll guide you, once we're in the Heart.
I'll never find my way through that.
Looks simple to operate.
That's it...
On the Repeater.
Captain, how will you be able to follow my charts --  --from up there?
The only danger of turbulence is in the Heart -- and we're not going through it.  Once in the Carotid Artery, we'll remain in the Arterial System... until we reach the point of damage --  -- where Dr. Duval will attempt to dissolve the clot with a laser beam. After the operation, we'll return by way of the Venous System --  -- until we reach the base of the neck --  -- where we'll be removed right here -- with a hypodermic.
Even so, because of our size -- I mean lack of it -- we'll still be cruising mighty fast. We'll be smashed to bits if there's any turbulence --
Fluid is seeping through. Better come down and have a look!
What do you mean?
There seems to be something wrong with the Escape Hatch...
It's less than one ten-thousandth of an inch thick. And porous.
The Wall's transparent...
We're entering a Capillary. Remain in the middle.
Doctor -- the channel's getting awful narrow.
I'll do what I can.
Then don't drift down further.
We could never fight that current it's physically impossible.
