Your little friend's real sharp there...  Yeah, I don't like to wear the wig on TV, because with two and a half million people watching you, you've gotta be sincere. I just like to wear it when I'm out slippin' around bowling alleys an' things like that. I think it gives me a little more class, don't you?
Yeah, I told her it was you, but that you're wearing a wig, 'cause on TV you're mostly bald in the front.
A wig?
That's a wig you wear, isn't it?
Well, Betty and Twinky, it sure is nice talking to you girls. I just wish I had more time...
Yeah, 'cause she's so "twinky"...
Twinky?
My name is Shirley, but they call me Betty, and her name's Twinky.
I leave it to you.
See, I told you it was him...  Your name's Donnie something, right?
I got accused a robbin' a fillin'station down in the Indian Nation, didn' I tell you...
Tell me what in the hell's going on, Elton!
I hope that's all you gotta say, El, 'cause I'm about as tired of your mouth as I am workin' this stinkin' hole!
If you're sayin' you're somethin' better'n what I am, that's one thing. But I can't say much a someone who'd run off an' leave a woman in a situation like this an' feel easy about it. An' that's all I gotta say.
It's ridiculous! I'm sitting here, listening to some asshole cracker compare his life to mine!
Well, id'n that nice.
Look at these assholes! What the hell are they doing?!
Give 'em the horn, Bob.
Okay. Go ahead. I'll settle up for the beers...  An' walk Rayette over with you, will you.
We gotta get on home an' relieve the sitter. Why'nt you an' Ray come on over.
Fill it up.
Sure you don't want anything?
You got any change?
No.
I'm gonna go in that cafe an' get some coffee. You want anything?
No, let's go...
Wait a sec. I want Tita to take a picture of you an' me in front of the place...
Come on.
I can't talk to you right now, leave me alone...
Bobby...
I don't, huh?
It's all right. He don't mean anything by that.
Oh, am I holdin' up dessert?
Just finish eating.
What?
Rayette.
I don't know.
This certainly is an improvement on the motel an' the coffee shop.  How could you have left such a beautiful place, Bobby?
Okay...
Bye, honey, I'll call you in a couple of days.
It brings out my eyes...
Sure...
Or maybe sit out by the pool an' get myself nice an' tan for you. Would you like that?
Okay, Ray...
Bobby, don't talk like that...
If you can't do what I ask, Ray, use that money to go back home, then.
So how long am I supposed to sit an' twiddle my thumbs in this place?
I have to see how things are first. My father's sick, you understand? They wouldn't be prepared for me bringing anyone.
Why can't I go out to your folks' house? Give me one good reason.
Oh, you're not going to kill yourself this time. I wish I'd known...
'Cause if it was me, I could just catch a Greyhound back.
Well, is that a happy face I see?
Who said I was depressed?
You're depressed that I come along.
Is what you?
I 'magine it's me then, id'n it?
No.
Are you depressed about your daddy, honey?
Shut up! All of you!
Just one minute, you! Don't you ever talk to me like that!
I'll tell you...  ... l-a-t-e-r.
What?
What the hell is that?
"Every trail that you blaze/Makes me..."
"You'll be burned out/Or smoked out/An' come back to me, I know..."
I love it.
You like it?
You'll be gone, period.
I'll be gone two or three weeks.
Do you love me, Bobby?
I'm not going to get up an' leave you.  Now let's go over to El's an' have a good time.
If you really want a get up an' leave me, you can read about it in the newsprint.
Sssh, come on now...  Be a good girl.
You're goin' a find me dead one time.
Elton and Stoney know how I feel about you. An' they're just goin' to think I'm not too nice a guy, which I'm not, an' that you're a hell of a person puttin' up with me, that's all.
Now, hand...
You go slippin' around in front a my face, an' in front a Elton an' Stoney. What do you imagine they think a someone you treat that way...
I'm sorry.
You treat me like I was.
I know you're not.
I'm not some piece a crap.
I'm going on over there...
You're the pathetic one, not me.
Come on, DiPesto. We can still have a good time.
I hope they do.
Okay. Hope no one hits on you.
Yes.
You just going to sit there?
I'm not.
Come on. We're goin' over to Elton's.
Yeah, great.  Why don't you throw Z's for 19 frames, and then roll a strike on the last ball in the last frame of a losing game? Just wonderful.
That was damn good, wad'n it? I finally did it...
You got another ball comin'.
I did, didn' I, El?
Will you just do what the hell I tell you...
I can't help it, honey, the ball just keeps goin' cocky wobbly on me...
Right. Now show me a little somethin' this time, okay? Give me some form...
Is it my turn again?
No, I'm not mad at you, hand. It'll be all right. Just spot and follow through...
I'm tryin', baby, so don't start gettin' mad now.
That's right, hand.
You know what, you are never satisfied.
You can sing the song.
I'll go out with you, or I'll stay here, and do anything you'd like for me to do... if you'll just do one thing. If you'll tell me that you love me.
Out where?
Why'nt you take 'at sign off your tit, Ray, an' let's go on out.
No, dammit, I would easy.
Now, now.
Serveza yourself!
Cerveza.
You're playing the other side.
Sugar, you know how I feel about you, don't you? I'm just tryin' to get you to take an interest in my kind a things, an' what I'm tryin' to do with myself...  You know, there id'n anything in the world I wouldn't do for you, baby. I started livin' the day I found you, you know that?
I'm too moved by your gentility to speak.
How 'bout if I just cut off your damn water?
Well, lemme sing the one I picked an' see what you think...  "When there's a fire in your heart/Break the glass/Sound the alarm..."
You said.
Now quit, Bobby. You said you're goin' a help me pick a song.
No.
Well, lemme play the other side then.
You're not going to play it again.
No, but it was very clever... I would of just punched her out.
I didn't get it, did I?
Fantastic! That you could figure all that out, and lay that down on her, to come up with a way you could get your toast.
Shut up.  You have bread, don't you, and a toaster of some kind?
Hey, mack!
It's just filthy. People are dirty. I think that's the biggest thing that's wrong with people. I think they wouldn't be as violent if they were clean, because then they wouldn't have anybody to pick on... Oofh... Dirt...
Well...
Who? People, that's who! Pretty soon there won't be room for anyone. They're selling more crap that people go and buy than you can imagine. Oofh! Crap! I believe everybody should have a big hole where they throw in all this stuff and burn it.
Who?
I had to leave this place. I got depressed, seeing all the crap. And the thing is, they're making more crap, you know? They've got so many stores and stuff and junk full of crap, I can't believe it.
Yeah. That's before the big thaw.
I saw a picture of it. Alaska is very clean. It appeared to look very white to me... Don't you think?
How do you know it's clean?
You don't have to tell everybody about it. Pretty soon they'll all go there and it won't be so clean.
Alaska? Are you on vacation?
Alaska.
Where are you going?
We'll get off in Washington and hook another ride.
Washington.
How far are you going to?
Palm Apodaca.
What's your name?
Seven hundred dollars, down the toilet! I'd like to go back and punch the son of a bitch out! Can you give us a lift?
You're lucky no one was hurt.
Look at my car! Piece of shit! I just bought it brand new from a used-car lot, and the steering goes to the pot on me!
Yeah. I want you to hold it between your knees.
You want me to hold the chicken.
Now all you have to do is hold the chicken, bring me the toast, charge me for the sandwich, and you haven't broken any rules.
One Number Two, and a chicken sal san -- hold the butter, the mayo, the lettuce -- and a cup of coffee... Anything else?
Okay, I'll make it as easy for you as I can. Give me an omelette, plain, and a chicken salad sandwich on wheat toast -- no butter, no mayonnaise, no lettuce -- and a cup of coffee.
I don't make the rules.
Would you like to talk to the manager?
What do you mean, you don't have side orders of toast? You make sandwiches, don't you?
I'm sorry, we don't have side orders of toast. I can give you an English muffin or a coffee roll.
Wait, I've made up my mind. I want a plain omelette, forget the tomatoes, don't put potatoes on the plate, and give me a side of wheat toast and a cup of coffee.
I'll come back when you've made up your mind...
I know what it comes with, but that's not what I want.
Only what's on the menu...  A Number Two: Plain omelette. It comes with cottage fries and rolls.
But I can't have any. Is that what you mean?
No. We have tomatoes.
What does that mean? You don't have any tomatoes?
No substitutions.
Five'll do it.
No. How much do I owe you?
Can I get you anything else?
I always tell everyone the same thing. I got rolled and beat up real bad recently, and since then it's two for one, an' I work strictly in tandem with Betty...
Well, you seem very professional...
I'm gonna give you our number, Donnie, just in case...  We're both professionals, if you didn't guess.
Well, I don't claim to have sold 'em all. They still have some left, I believe.
She says you're the one that sells all the cars on TV.
Am I on TV?
We been wantin' to ask you something. Are you the guy on YV?
Are you talking to us?
Wasn't it, ladies?
Bye, Robert.
Bye, now.
I'll say goodbye to you, Tita.
But what about me?
I didn't want to say goodbye to anyone.
You were going without saying goodbye?
Yeah. I said a week, and I've overstayed myself...
You're leaving?
Can't I have anything to myself, dammit?!
I'm talking to you, Tita!
I don't know where she is!
Where's Catherine?!
It's none of your business!
My turn.
Where is she, anyway?
Sailors are sadistic, I feel.
Look, can't you see that, what I'm talking about?
You know, he was formerly a sailor.
I think he's got a terrific personality.
Yeah, well, he's...
I don't think I'd notice. I'm so used to Carl.
I'm not. He does walk funny. Don't you see that?
Why are you being so mean?
Look at that.
No, thanks...
With applesauce?
What?
Do you want some gingerbread?
I don't know.
Well, you're not going to run out on me right away, are you?
There's nothing to say, Tita...
Oh, let's not talk about my hair, it does what it wants to, and anyway, who cares, I want to talk about you...
Well, if you just maybe did something with your hair, or...
Like what?
You're attractive, Tita. If you just did a little more with yourself...
Actually, it's very admirable, the way she works. She'll probably be enormously successful, because she's attractive as well, not that that's so important in music, but...
Uhm hmm.
Constantly. Night and day. And unless I get up before the birds, I can't get in any practice time for myself...
What about Carl and Catherine? Is he just coaching her, or what?
I probably am, but I don't care. I mean, I wasn't that blessed to begin with, and when would I have had time to make any improvements...
No, I don't really think you're a freak.
Oh no... Why? What is it? The way I look?
Sort of.
No, no, I don't think that, I'm just curious about it...  Do you think I'm a freak?
Why? Am I some kind of freak to you or something?
Sometimes.
Well, do you -- I mean, have you enjoyed all these... strange things you've been doing?
What questions?
We can't all get up and leave, can we? I mean, there are certain needs you have to respond to...
No, I don't.  You should've left a long time ago.
I mean, you think I'm that happy?
A week or two isn't going to ruin your life, for Godsakes.
Yes, it is. I can't take seeing him, sitting there like a stone.
It's not that bad.
Uhm hmm. Some range.
He has ways of communicating, Robert. I can tell when he's expressing approval or disapproval, just from his eyes...
A couple of months.
How long have you been staying here?
I don't think you should infer Daddy was wrong in front of him...
Well, I really appreciate it, Carl.
All right...
Tita, I've got to go...
It'll be so good for you, and for Daddy, because you know, you've never really...
Yeah, me, too...
Oh God, I'm so glad, Robert, that you're coming...
Well, I'll be seeing you in a couple of days, won't I?
No, I need to talk to you, about so many things...
Maybe you better stay, then.
Wait...
Well...  I better let you...
I know.
I'd rather drive up myself and... maybe go into Canada after... And I can't stay long, Tita, probably a week, at the most.
No...
I'm going back up tonight. Will you go with me?
Yeah... I guess so...
Don't tell me about this...
He's not... They feel he... maybe he might not recover, and that he'll either...
He's had two strokes.
Oh, well, what, what's he...
Daddy's very ill.
What?
Robert, I have to tell you something...
Crashes into a Jeep and totals his neck.  That's Carl...
It's not funny. He permanently sprained his neck, and since then it's been extremely difficult for him to tuck the violin.
Well, 11 months ago he was on his bicycle, on his way to the post office in La Roche... and he ran into a Jeep and sprained his neck...
Carl's a fiddler. What's he doing coaching piano?
Catherine -- she's a pianist. She's working with Carl.
Who's Van Oost?
Well, Herbert's mostly on the mainland because of the orchestra, so at the moment, there's just Daddy, Carl and myself... and Van Oost.
Everybody still up on the Island?
I have to talk seriously with you...
Very nice.
Robert...
No kidding.
Waldnit von Schnechter. Prewar.
No.
You know who it once belonged to?
Oh.
This is a very special, very old CB 275...
Sorry.
Thank you...  Oh no, don't put it on there...
Well, I don't mean to.  Here's your tea, Tita.
You always do this to me.
Don't, then.
I just can't look at you.
That's good.
No, I'm not...  I'm not.
Now don't...
Robert Eroica...
Hi, Tita.
Oh my goodness... Bobby...
Would you tell her Bobby's here?
Tea.
I hope it will, yes.  I'm sorry.
That'll make you happy.
Yes.
And living out here, in this rest home asylum, that's what you want?
I'm trying to be delicate with you, but you're not understanding me. It's not just because of Carl, or my music, but because of you...  I mean, what would it come to? If a person has no love for himself, no respect, no love for his work, his family, his friends, something... How can he ask for love in return? I mean, why should he ask for it?
Just give me a chance, will you?
No. It's useless, Robert. It wouldn't work, not ever...
Please, I'll see you later this evening.
Catherine...
I'm sorry everything's been so confusing, but I have to go, Robert...
What?! I can't hear you!
Oh. You have to tell me that.
I can't do that. I haven't been being fair to Carl. I have to tell you that.
Will you let me talk to you, please?
No, I can't...
Yes, it is!
No, you don't have to, it isn't necessary...
No, I want to talk to you now. I have to explain something about...
I'll be back later...
I have to talk to you.
I'm going to pick up some friends of Carl's. Are you all right?
Where are you going?
Of course I'd like to.
I could spend some time with you tomorrow morning, before Carl comes back, I mean, if you'd like to.
What?
Robert?
Yeah, I think I could.
Do you think you could discreetly move across the hall now?
Yes.
Is he?
Carl restored my confidence. He really did. He's much more substantial than you give him credit for.
I'm fine.
As a matter of fact, he's the one who introduced me to Carl...  How are you?
Something witty and devastating like that.
That's what you said?
I married him when I was 17. He was a cellist, and I thought he was the most brilliant man I'd ever met... And I'm sure he was, because at that age, I hadn't met that many... But he was insidious, you know. He had me convinced that I was a mediocrity, musically, as a woman, as an intellect. But in this completely imperceptible, pleasant way, so that you weren't even sure he was doing it. Anyway, I just woke up one morning and I said, you know something Joseph, you're full of beans, and I left him...
I don't believe vou.
That's right.
No inner feeling.
Shut up...
No, don't do that...
Yes, that's what's important to me...
Serious, that's what's important to you?
I'd like you to leave now. Is that direct enough?
It's direct, anyway, which seems to be difficult for you.
I don't find your language that charming.
Some bath oil?
I'm not faking anything. I'm looking for some bath oil...
It's convenient to fake looking for something right now, isn't it?
I'm not conscious of having given you any meaningful looks. And as for the day after tomorrow, this is the day after tomorrow, and I am, unfortunately, seeing you... Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to take a bath.
Up to now, what I've been getting from you are meaningful looks over the dinner table and a lot of vague suggestions about the day after tomorrow...
I don't think that's accurate...
Yes, it was. You've made it clear that if I can cut a little piano, I might get a little response.
Look... You made a very calculated move, and then made me feel embarrassed for responding to you. That wasn't necessary.
No, it isn't what I think.
I think it's what you think.
You think I'm a fake.
No, you're very good at it. I'm really impressed.
Catherine...
At being a fake.
What?
Well, at least you're accomplished at something...
Wait...
Then I must have been supplying it.
None.
You had no inner feeling?
I didn't have any.
It doesn't matter. It was the feeling I was affected by.
Nothing. It's just that... I picked the easiest piece I could remember. I think I first played it when I was 8 years old and I played it better then.
Why?
It wasn't supposed to be, it just struck me that way.
Is that funny?
I was really very moved by the way you...
Thank you.
That was beautiful, Robert. I'm surprised...
Of course I do. It's music. You know...
You don't call that music, though.
I have played a few times. Here and there. As a matter of fact, I was once a rehearsal pianist for a Las Vegas musical revue.
I mean, how could you not play anymore? That's so strange to me...
I gave it a second thought.
One thing that's hard to understand is how you could have this incredible background in music, and then just walk away from it, without a second thought...
Yeah, I'll probably be free.
If you're free.
The day after tomorrow.
Carl has hydrotherapy on Tuesdays.
Tomorrow's a full practice day...  But the day after is kind of open.
Tomorrow, then.
After that, I plan to read some music and rest for awhile.
Then after that?
Right now I'm going to run a hot tub and soak myself.
I don't know. Let me give it some thought.
That's right. Have you anything to suggest?
Nothing? Then it must be very boring for you here.
Nothing.
Well, there's fishing and boating. There's concerts on the mainland and... but I feel silly telling you. This is really your home. You probably know better than I what there is to do.
Besides piano and swimming, what else do you do?
What would I do with it? Run amok?
Why?
Well, I wouldn't want to get too invigorated myself.
I love to swim, and I don't mind the cold at all. It's invigorating.
Playing piano all day and then jumping into cold water. You could get a cramp.
Swimming?
That's dangerous, you know.
Yes, intentionally.
I guess you fell in the water.
Hello...
And you no longer play at all?
What have I been doing? Different things, different jobs, here and there. Nothing that interesting.
What have you been doing since then?
You're all full of shit!
Robert, I think you better just...
Robert, let's not be rude, okay?
Oh, for chrissakes...
I thought you had to go to the mainland today. Aren't you going to miss the ferry?
All right, let's have a rematch.
That's three games to none, Carl.
At game, Carl.
See? There's nothing wrong with the way I walk. Now where are we?
That's what I mean...
I've walked across a stage a number of times, without exciting any particular response...
Your serve. Two -- Eighteen.
I'm not aware of it. Like what?
What do you mean? Aside from my neck, I'm in superb shape.
You sure you should be playing, Carl?
Nothing. Will you excuse us for a while?
What?
Robert, do you mind?
Thanks, Carl...
I hope you feel at home, Robert.  I'm really glad you're here.
Is she?
She's tremendously gifted, this girl.
It's still nearly impossible for me to turn my neck. If I wanted to turn toward Catherine, for instance, I'd first have to twist the whole base of my body around...  ... like this...
What?
Did you hear about my misfortune, Robert?
No, the last time was three years ago.
Four or five years.
It's all right. I'm fine.
Suit yourself. But I'll tell you, where we're headed is gonna get colder'n hell.
No, it's okay.
I've got an extra jacket behind the seat, if you want to put it on.
No, I don't, I uh... it got burned up. Everything in the car got the shit burned out of it. All I got left is what I have on...
Haven't you got a jacket or anything with you?
Will you shut up for a minute!!  Pull your car out of line.
Come on, get moving, dammit!!
Oh, uh huh. I had a little kittycat once, that Bobby give me...
It's a Borzoi.
What kind of doggy is that?
I do eat slow as a bird, whereas Bobby can put it away like a speed swing...  Is there any ketchup around?
No, you're not. Go ahead and take your time.
Not at all.
Well, thank you, that's a very nice thing for you to say.
Oh, no. You're more than welcome.
Well, I was goin' to, but Bobby said he hadda kind of feel things up here first, which I can understand, but then it went an' took so long, I ran flat outa money...  I didn't have no number to call, you know.  So I hadda clear outa there an' come on up here, in the hopes that I wouldn't be intrudin' myself...
I don't understand why you had to stay in a motel. There's more than enough room here.
For two whole weeks, an' there wasn't hardly nobody there to talk to but me. The manager of the place told me it was the off season, an' it must a ben, because other'n me, there was just this 25-year-old kid, DeLyon, that didn't appear to be all there, an' this old married pair next to me that was always hollerin' for quiet. Can you imagine? All you could a heard there was a pin, an' them, hollerin' away...
You've been staying in a motel all this time?
I took some aspirin and it really upset my stomach.
What's wrong, Carl, you hardly ate anything...
At any rate, Dad wanted to hire a private detective to ferret you out, and I said, "What for?" Whatever the hell he's doing, even if it's a completely wasteful escapade, it's entirely his business. Simple as that...
I hope I didn't hear that.
I don't know where you were, penis envy.
Oh, my, "a summit conference." I wonder where I was, polishing silver behind the coal bin.
You know, just after I came back off tour with the Betenthaller Quartet, Dad, myself and Herbert had a summit conference about you...
Besides being very rude.
It is true.
I don't think that's true.
Away from the piano, Tita, you have no sense of time at all.
Oh no, it's been much more than that.
Well, I should hope not...
You haven't dampened my spirit, Samia... Excuse me.
But I'd like to say, so that I don't dampen the spirit of your adventure...
I think these cold, "objective" discussions are aggressive, Samia...
... which should exclude you from any objective discussion. But keep in mind, even the arts aren't free of aggressive content, nor the institution of marriage.
Well, you're a romantic, Catherine, as are most musicians, and what's more, about to be married...
No, I wouldn't.
What about it? Wouldn't you agree that a great deal of mischief has been done in the name of love?
And what about love?
Hold onto this.
You better hold onto your tongue!
I wouldn't be a waitress. They're nasty and full of crap.
Don't call me "mack," honey.
Don't call me "honey," mack.
Salesmen and cops are the ones. If you'd ever waitressed, honey, you'd know.
Bullshit! Truck drivers know the best eating places on the road.
That's an old maid's tale.
Hey, follow that truck. They know the best places to stop.
Not dirt. See, dirt isn't bad. It's filth. Filth is bad. That's what starts maggots and riots...
Well...
A dispose-all, what's that but more crap? I've never seen such crap. Oofh, I don't know how people get up in the morning.
There'd never be a hole big enough. Now took at me, for instance, when I was just one person, before Bobby, I had so much garbage collectin' onto me every day, I was thinkin' about gettin a dispose all...
Jesus, what a rude person...
Come on, Terry, we got a ride!
Right, steam. A car you could ride around in and not cause a stink. But do you know, they will not even let us have it. Can you believe it? Why?! Man! He likes to create a stink. I wrote them a note once, and told them to clean it... I mean, don't you see that? It's just filthy! I mean, I've seen filth you wouldn't believe! Oofh, what a stink! I don't even want to talk about it...
Steam.
And you know, I read where they invented this car that runs on... that runs on... when you boil water...
And they picked up! I mean, it wouldn't be filthy, with Coke bottles and whiskey, and those signs everywhere...
Yeah, it could be adorable...
In my personal thing, I don't see that. I'm seeing more filth. A lot of filth. What they need to do every day, no, once in a while, is a cockroach thing, where they spray the homes. And uh... can you imagine, if their doors were painted a pretty color, and they had a pot outside, with...
In my personal observation, I think that more people are neat than are clean...
Well, you're not that bad, but some people... I mean, people's homes, just filth. I've been in people's homes...
Wait a minute. I'm not that neat, maybe, but I am clean.
What do you mean "mass"... I have to come out and tell you, you're not that clean, either.
Mass production is what does it.
Perhaps...
Well, she was.
The choice of words, "squashed flat," juxtaposed against the image of a fluffy kitten...
I strongly doubt it, but I wasn't really discussing media...
The TV. There's some good things on it, sometimes.
Pardon me?
There's some good things on it, though.
John believes in the basic goodness of man, and that's fine, but gaze into the pit like I have and that view seems a little soporific. And not unlike television, it hardly represents the real world...
Oh, for pity's sake...
I have a suggestion. Why don't we take a break.
Do you have to let me get halfway through the movement first? This is tiring me.
That's exactly what I am doing, again.
Well, you have to simply tell me, that's all.
If you want to call it that.
Oh... I'm sorry. Was I singing again?
I'd like to remind you again, this isn't an opera or a musical comedy.
Yes.
Miss Dupea.
