I don't care about being hip anymore.
So what else is new?  Look Eva, you're asking the wrong dude to feel sorry for Tamara Mason. Wise up -- it's not hip to be her friend.
But she might be in trouble...
No. And I'm not losing any sleep over it.
Have you seen Tamara?
Jason...Voorhees?
The Captain's been murdered. The buzz is that Jason might be on board.
What's going on? I heard on the P.A. system that...
But...wait a minute!
I think I'll pass. See you later, okay?
Time to check out the waiters.
Yeah.
That was truly excellent.
Relax, I've got McCulloch covered... but that little narcing bitch niece of his is a different matter.  Rumor has it she's a teensy bit afraid of the water...
What are you going to do?
Nobody related to McCulloch can be nice.
I have her in Creative Writing and she's fairly nice.
A real space cadet. I wonder if she'll narc on us...
Do you realize how many people would kill to be sitting here right now? Come on, it's grad night. You've got your whole life to be uptight.
I guess not.
You're talking to the prom queen, Eva. Do you really think I'm going to risk getting caught?
It's not that, it's just that...  It I get caught, I'll lose my science scholarship and everything.
What? Don't be a lightweight...this is top dollar toot.
No thanks.
You're joking, right?
Sounds good. I hear there's a shuffleboard court on deck -- it might be kinds cool...
I think it's time for some recreational activity, girl.
My stepmom couldn't care less, but Daddy would have a shit fit.  He might even pay some attention to me.
My parents are open minded about that sort of thing.
He's undefeated, you know that?  Julius is the only senior I'd even consider doing it with. If he wasn't black, that is.
Improvise, of course.
What are you going to do?
A major prick.
More or less. It's part of my college fund.
He bought you that?
It's my graduation gift from Daddy. It cost over a thousand bucks but it's the best.
I'm sure we'll have no problem getting them to party with us...especially with this.
Really?
I hear the crew members are cute guys in their twenties.
No.
And I'll never do it again. Forgive me?
And you'll never do it again.
All right, all right -- I'm a major ass.
Hear what?
Did you hear that?
So there's no reason for him to come back because there won't be any of us around...right?
Right.
I mean, Lakeview High just closed its doors for good, right?
Right.
There's nothing to worry about, Suzy. The guy's dead now, somewhere at the bottom of this lake...if you believe the stories.  Let's drop it, okay?
Tell me.
Never mind, you don't want to know about it.
What murders?
Nothing.
What's wrong?
Ask me in about five minutes.
Well...how do you feel?
Don't be ridiculous!
Jason's here in New York.
We have to get off this ship!!
Dear Christ...
Not another word, do you hear me??
This is Jason's fault!
She never should've set foot on this ship. This is your fault!
The fire alarm...
What's that?
What?? You sent her out there with a murderer running around loose??
She's...she's dropping the anchors. I thought the Coast Guard could find us easier if...
Christ...where's Rennie??
It's...dead.
Where's the radio?
She changed her mind.  Let's see...Mr. Wolfe is in stateroom one-eleven and you, Mr. Robertson, are in two-twenty-five.
But I thought...
Rennie's not coming.
Which cabin is Rennie in, Mr. McCulloch?
But I haven't even shown you my biology project...
That's it. You're not setting foot off this ship until we return home.
I packed it. Just for us.
Where did you get that alcohol?
Then I'll make sure you remain on board while your classmates see the sights.
They're out of town.
I'11 be coming around your stateroom in exactly fifteen minutes, Miss Mason. You'd better have your biology project ready or I'm phoning your parents.
Nothing.
What are you doing in here?
Perfectly.
All right. But if it mysteriously disappears en route, I'll have you sent back home the minute we dock. Understood?
My niece's life hangs in the balance right now!! Every second counts.
I don't think that's such a safe idea
Everyone split up -- we'll cover more ground that way.
A wonderful choice of places to dock a boat, Mr. Robertson.
There must be a phone around here somewhere.
Nothing! I went to her cabin and...
What did you do with Rennie??
Use some common sense! Setting off a fire alarm causes panic...the same kind of panic caused by suggesting Jason Voorhees is on board.  Enough is enough.
What are you talking about?
I doubt very much that one even exists.
He's the son of the Captain, for Chrissakes. You'd think he'd be able to operate this thing!
He's doing the best he can, Charles.
She's locked safe in her room, no thanks to either of you.  Has he brought it back on course yet?
Did you find Rennie?
Walking corpses are not real!
But that doesn't prove that he's the one!
That lunatic has been spouting off about Jason since we boarded...  It's no coincidence.
What are you doing??
Oh dear God...
I demand to know what is going on...
Where is she?
I thought I told you to stay away from her.
Oh, I can see that. You've done a wonderful job of supervising the kids, Miss Van Deusen.
She's fine, Charles. Take it easy...
No, I think it's just the beginning.
I'm her legal guardian, not you or anybody else, and I alone know what's best for her. End of discussion.
And she sure doesn't have one now, either. She needs to live.
She doesn't know what she wants. She's never had a stable life.
And neither do you. It's up to Rennie to decide what she wants to do.
You have no right...
Charles, there's someone else coming along too.
Let's go -- we're running two minutes late.
Don't be. They probably decided to explore each other rather than New York.
Jim Miller and Suzy Donaldson never showed up. I'm a little concerned.
Hello, Charles. Has everyone checked in?
You can and you will! Swim, Rennie!
I...I can't...
Am I? Let's find out.
You're telling a lie.
Oh, he is indeed. And ready to pull down anybody who falls in and can't swim.
He is not.
He never learned how either and he's still at the bottom of this lake.
I'll take some lessons this time. I promise.
You've been coming out here every summer for the last three years, young lady, and you still haven't learned how.
Perfect for a swim, isn't it?
What a beautiful day.
I was only trying to teach you. But I pulled you out, Rennie. I saved your life.
You pushed me...
You can and you will!!
I...I can't...
Get in the boat, Rennie!
This isn't a request.
I'm not staying in my room, Uncle Charles.
Whatever you've been...imagining... has nothing to do with Jason Voorhees.  I want you to be safe, Rennie. That's all I care about.
But what about the drowning boy I've been seeing?
I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul is terrorizing this ship.
Can't we at least talk about it?
I'm the one you should be listening to! Do you think dropping an anchor in the middle of a storm makes any sense whatsoever?
But Sean said...
You had me worried to death!
I'm staying.
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.
I don't even know why I'm afraid, Uncle Charles. I can't even remember when it started. Don't you think it's time I found out and got over it?
Why are you doing this to yourself?
She didn't push me into coming.
If Miss Van Deusen knew how afraid you were of...
I'm staying.
You're making a big mistake, Rennie. It's not too late to put you back on land.
Only one young boy ever drowned in that lake, and that was before you were even born. His name was Jason Voorhees.
No. It was just a normal summer. I've never been able to figure it out.
Did you have an accident in the lake?
After your parents passed away?
About four years ago...at Crystal Lake. I spent a few summers there with Uncle Charles inbetween boarding school.
When did this start?
Whenever I get near the water, I see this young boy drowning. He tries to pull me down with him.
Maybe not. But you're not telling me everything, are you?
It's not that simple.
I had a skiing accident in high school, broke my left leg. It took three winters before I would even look at the snow again...but the solution kept eluding me.  I finally took lessons. I've never broken a bone since.
I gathered that.
I can't swim.
There's something I haven't told you...
I seem to detect a hint of ingenuousness in your tone.  In other words, level with me.
Yeah...a lot.
So, are you having fun yet?
No, but I'm sure Toby's fine. The ship's only so big and there's certainly no way off it, is there?
Have you seen my dog anywhere?
Rennie -- I was just on my way over to your room
Rennie, you're the best student I ever had...you have a real gift. If anybody can make use of that pen, it's you.
I don't know what to say...
Stephen King supposedly used it when he was in high school.
That's wonderful, Miss Van Deusen...what's it about?
Since the school is closing anyway, I'm going to write that novel I've been threatening on everybody.
Really?
Did you know that I'm giving up teaching?
Just felt a little chill.
Everything okay?
What about not-so-great writers?
You let me worry about him, okay?  Personal experiences are what fuel the minds of great writers, Rennie. You made the right decision.
Me too. But I'm not sure Uncle Charles will be.
I'm glad you decided to come after all.
Give me the degrees first, followed by minutes and sec...
I've got the numbers.
The LORAN has a digital printout of your latitude and longitude. Give me the coordinates and we'll be there as quick as we can.
Yes...
Is your ship equipped with Omega satellite navigation or LORAN?
I...I don't know...
What is your location?
The Captain and Chief Engineer... they've been...they're dead.
Please, hurry...
You have to call the police...
Drugs...  Then Jason came. He's here, Sean.
Rennie...what'd they do to you??
I'm not!!
But Rennie...
I'm not going near any lifeboat!
We'll be okay. I want you to wait by the lifeboats, just in case.
Is the ship going to sink??
Rule one, don't panic. Rule two, assess the damage and act accordingly...
The window...
Rennie...??
Just radio for help, okay???
I didn't mean for you to go!
The bow...front of the ship. There's a hoist on each side that lowers them
Where are they?
I think so. But we have to lower the anchors so we don't drift any further...
What do you mean???
I don't know...we've gone off course or something...
If I go with you, he'll never speak to me again.  But I'm never going to live up to his expectations anyway...so maybe it's the right thing to do.
What about you?
Not completing a voyage is against everything he stands for. But I think I can convince him to call a Coast Guard cutter for you.
Can he really take us home?
I want to go home. I want off this ship.
It's okay...you're going to be okay.
I'd love to.
I thought maybe we could hike to the top of the Statue when we got there, if you felt like it. It's supposed to be 22 stories tall.
Forget it. It's a dumb little thing anyway.
But I didn't get you one...
I got you a present.
We changed our minds.
I heard you weren't coming.
Hi, Sean.
Rennie...
