Well, that's alright... alright. Good.  You'll graduate in another year, isn't that right?  You know... I never finished college.  I was a good student, but I never finished. Of course, there was a war then.
I'm not hungry.
Sit down.  Your Aunt Connie and I waited for you to have some lunch, but now it's all dried out.
I was taller than you when I was fourteen.
You've grown so tall... so tall in the last year.  You're much taller than me.
Some day you will.
I can help you.
To do business.
Why do you have to go?
I can't.
Will you take me?
Just a few days.
I know.  How long will you be gone?
I'm leaving very early tomorrow, before you wake up.
On your pillow.
No, where is it?
Did you see my present for you?
They were friends.
I didn't know the people who gave them to me.
Do you like them?
I got lots of presents.
Did you like your party?
Yes.
Are you alright?
At first, like everybody, I was a soldier.
What position did you occupy?
The Corleone Family, Senator.  We called it, &quot;The Family.&quot;
But in actuality, you were a member of the Corleone Crime organization.
That's right.
Mr. Cicci.  From the year 1927 to the present time, you were an employee of the &quot;Genco Olive Oil Company.&quot;
Go on, answer him when he talks to you.  Tell him: Columbus, Marconi... Garibaldi.
Who is the greatest man you can think of?
This man informs to the police; this man allows his vengeance to be bought off... No, he is alone.
 What?  You read it in the papers?
Fanucci is not connected; he is alone.
If you like, why not give me fifty dollars each to pay Fanucci.  I guarantee he will accept that amount from me.
They say Fanucci has a license from Maranzalla himself to work this neighborhood.
Oh yes, the very best.
Your friend lives in a fine building.
No.  He would give it away.  I know how to repay a consideration.
We have no money for a rug.
I have a friend who has a fine rug. Maybe your wife would like it.
 Then, after that, what?  Joe 'Little Knife' Pisani; Willie Bufalino, maybe, Mr. Maranzalla himself, c'mon!
 He's going to kill Fanucci.
Vitone!  Our driver has drunk too much wine.
What can we do?
 You know his friends...real animals. And his connections with the police. Sure he'd like us to tell him our plans so he can set us up for the cops and earn their gratitude. Then they would owe him a favor; that's how he operates.  We'll have to pay.  Three hundred, are we agreed?
What if we don't pay?
That scar-faced bastard will find out what we got from the wholesaler. He won't take a dime less than three hundred dollars.
Do you think he'd be satisfied with the two hundred dollars?  I think he would.
She couldn't decide.
What took so long?
Merle, have you met my sister-in- law Deanna?
Connie.
It means we should all live happily for one hundred years.  The family. If my Father were alive, it'd be true.
You go see your children first, and then you wait to see your brother like everybody else.
This is swell.  Where's Michael? I've got things to get straight with him and I can't wait on line.
Bought at the airport.
I got surprises for everybody!
Well, thank you, they asked for you all week.
How are the kids?
Yes, thank you.
I know, it was chaos; but anyway, here I am one week late.  This is for my Mama.  You remember Merle?
Constanzia.  We expected you last week; we sent the car to pick you up at the airport last week.
I hated you for so long, Michael; for so many years.  I think I did things to myself, to hurt myself, so that you would know -- and you would be hurt too.  But I understand you now; I think I do.  You were being strong for all of us, like Papa was.  And I forgive you, and want to be close to you now.  Can't you forgive Fredo; he's so sweet, and helpless without you.
The children can stay.
I want to talk to you, Michael.
Kids, why don't you go outside for a while?
Tom is right.
Michael, Fredo's in the house with Mama.  He asked for you, and Tom said he couldn't see you.
No.
Is Kay coming?
It was my father's money; and I'm entitled to what I need.  Where is Tom Hagen?
Connie, I want to be reasonable with you.  You have a house here, with us.  You can live here with your kids...and you won't be deprived of anything.  I don't know much about Merle; I don't know what he does for a living; what he lives on.  Why don't you tell him marriage is really out of the question; and that you can't see him any more. He'll understand.  But if you disobey me, and marry this pimp...it would disappoint me.
Because I need MONEY!
Then why do you come to me?
You're not my father!
You fly around the world with lazy young men who don't have any love for you, and use you like a whore.
Michael...
The ink on your divorce isn't dry. Your children see you on weekends; your oldest boy, Michael Francis... was in some trouble with the Reno police over some petty theft that you don't even know about.
Why do you come to me?  Why don't you go to a travel agent?
We're going to Europe next week.  I want to get passage booked on the Queen.
I saw him with you.
How are you, honey?  You've met Merle, haven't you.  He was with me in Vegas.
Mike, what can I do, she's a hysterical woman...
I don't want to stay here...
I'm getting out of here I said; these guys all have guns!
Deanna, will you get back into the house!
These Eye-ties are really crazy when it comes to their wives.
Deanna, I'm going to belt you right in the mouth!
Whatsamatter, you don't want me to dance with him 'cause he's a man!
Dancing is alright; you're falling on the floor.
I wanta dance...whatsa matter with that?
A hundred years...it's a toast.
What's 'cent' Anne?'
He's the head of the family.
I hate to see you cringe in front of him.  How come you're so scared of your own kid brother?
Listen, Michael's got a lot of nice people here.  Friends of Kay's. He'll never forgive me if you ruin his party.
Relax, Freddie honey.  Come dance with me.
Goddamn bitch.
Yeah, but I don't want him to see you.
I just had a drive; besides, I want to see my brother-in-law Michael.
Honey!  Wait a minute; let's go for a drive.
I know.  I know, Michael.  It's Christmas, your brothers and sister are all here -- we are happy. Let's not spoil this.  Go your own way, but when you are ready, come to me the way a son should.  I have hopes for you...
That's how it was in the old world, Pop, but this is not Sicily.
Anyone not in your family, is a stranger.  Believe me, when trouble comes, your country won't take care of you.
Not for strangers; for my country.
You would risk your life for strangers?
It's not talk; I'm doing it.
Now what is this talk about joining the army?  Eh?
No, Dad.
Would you like some?
He will be a man, and then he will come for revenge.
The child cannot harm you.
He will grow strong.
He is weak.
I'm not afraid of his words.
Don Francesco.  You murdered my husband, because he would not bend. And his oldest son Paolo, because he swore revenge.  But Vitone is only nine, and dumb-witted.  He never speaks.
Ah, you're a sharp young fellow. How is it I've never noticed you before  You're too quiet for your own interest.  I could find some work for you to do that would be very profitable.  No hard feelings, eh?  If I can ever do you a service let me know. You've done a good job for yourself tonight.
I'm a little short.  I've been out of work.  Let me owe you the money for a few weeks.
I think there's only two hundred dollars under my hat.  I'm right.  Only two hundred dollars.
 You're a good fellow.
But thank you for speaking to me as a Godfather.
I understand...
 You must understand, this is all new to me...
You tell your friends I expect them to let me wet my beak in the same manner.  Don't be afraid to tell them.  Clemenza and I know each other well, he understands these things.  Let yourself be guided by him.  He has more experience in these matters.
 My two friends have my share of the money.  I'll have to speak to them after we deliver these to the wholesaler.
Otherwise the police will come to see you and your wife and children will be dishonored and destitute. Of course, if my information as to your gains is incorrect, I'll dip my beak just a little.  Just a little, but no less than one hundred dollars, and don't try to deceive me, eh paisan?
Let's go.
Ready, Frankie.
I didn't turn against nobody; he turned against me.
Why'd you do it, Frankie?  After all these years, why'd you turn against him?
Yeah, some deal I made.
We have a special home for you for the rest of your life.  Nobody gets near you.  You're not going any place.
My life won't be worth a nickel after tomorrow.
Get a good night's sleep.  We got a new suit, new shirt, new tie, and I'm going to shave you myself. Tomorrow we want you to look respectable for fifty million of your fellow Americans.
Ten to one shot, you said.  Ten to one shot in my favor, and I lose.
C'mon, I see what I can do.
That's what I'm here to talk to your brother about.  What's with him, I got to get a letter of introduction to have a 'sitdown'?
We were all upset about that.
You remember Willy Cicci, don't you, Freddie?  We was all together with the old man Clemenza in Brooklyn... before...uh...
Gee, Frankie, it's good to see you. Reminds me of old times.
Gotta check up on my boys.  Hey, what's with the food?  Some kid in a white jacket brings me a ritz cracker with some chopped liver. 'Canapes,' he says.  I say, 'Can a peas, my ass, that's a ritz cracker with chopped liver.' Go get me a salami sandwich and a glass of wine or I'll send you and your white jacket to the dry cleaners!
Who's that?  Pentangeli?  Frankie &quot;Five-Angels&quot;...thought you were never coming West.
You're nothing to me now, Fredo; not a brother, not a friend, I don't want to know you, or what happens to you.  I don't want to see you at the hotels, or near my home.  When you visit our Mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there.  Do you understand?
The lawyer; Questadt, he belongs to Roth.
There's nothing more you can tell me about this investigation?
It wasn't the way I wanted it!  I can handle things.  I'm not dumb Christ, not like everyone says. I'm smart; and I want respect.
It's the way Pop wanted it.
Taken care of me.  Mike, you're my kid brother, and you take care of my.  Did you ever think of that. Ever once?  Send Fredo off to do this, send Fredo to take care of that... take care of some little unimportant night club here, and there; pick somebody up at the airport.  Mike, I'm your older brother; I was stepped over!
I've always taken care of you.
He said there was something good in it for me...me on my own.
And you believed that story.
I didn't know it was a hit.  I swear to you I didn't know.  Johnny Ola contacted me in Beverly Hills -- said he wanted to talk.  He said you and Roth were in on some big deal, and there was a place for me in it if I could help them out. They said you were being tough on the negotiation, and if they had a little bit of help, they could close it fast and it would be good for you.
I know they get Pentangeli, that's all I know.
What about now, is there anything you can help me out with?
I was kept pretty much in the dark. I didn't know all that much.
We have time.
I don't have a lot to say, Michael.
Nowhere, Mike.  I wanted to get a refill.  How about you?
Fredo.  Where are you going?
The old man will never bring in the New Year.
What is it?  Can I help?
To go tonight, with me, as though we know nothing.  I've already made my move.
What do you want me to do?
It was never Pentangeli... I've always known that.  It was Roth all along.  He talks to me as a son; as his successor, but the old man thinks he'll live forever.
But, you told me yourself...
The same man who tried in Nevada... Hyman Roth, not Pentangeli.
...Who?
Tonight we've been invited to a reception at the Presidential Palace; to bring in the New Year. You and I will go in a special car that's being sent.  They'll have cocktails... then dinner, and a reception with the President.  When it's over, it will be suggested that you take Questadt and his friends from Washington to spend the night with some women.  I'll go home alone in the car; and before I reach the hotel, I'll be assassinated.
Mike, are you crazy, I'm your brother.
Then I'm going to confide in you; trust you with something.
Sincere.  What are you talking about, of course I'm sincere with you, Mike.
The song.  Are you sincere with me, Fredo?
What's that?
&quot;Yo soy un hombre sincero...&quot; I am a sincere man, From the land of the palms...
You know her; drives me crazy, one minute she's a popsicle, the next she's all vinegar.  Sometimes I think... I think - I should a married someone, like you did.  To have kids, to have a family.
How is your wife, Fredo...your marriage?
Me?  NO, no, I don't know anything. Fellas!  You're all falling asleep. We got to see Superman.
You know otherwise, Freddie?
No.  I mean, are you sure?
It was Frankie tried to have me hit.
You?  What do you mean you, I thought...
It was hard to have him killed.
You?  What do you mean you, I thought...
It was hard to have him killed.
Mikey, why would they ever hit poor old Frankie Five-Angels?  I loved that ole sonuvabitch.  I remember when he was just a 'button,' when we were kids.  We used to put bedsheets on our heads, you know, like we were ghosts.  An' ole Frankie come peek into our room, we'd jump up, and he'd always pretend like he was really scared. You remember?
Wait'll you see!
No.
Mike, I got something special up my sleeve for these boys.  You ever hear of &quot;Superman?&quot; And I don't mean the comic book.
I never looked down on you, Fredo. You don't look down at a brother.
Jeeze, it's great you came along, Mike... You know, we've never spent a night out on the town together. I always thought you looked down on me for liking a good time.
Me and you, great!  Gimme an hour to wash my face and do my research and we'll have these Washington suckers right where you want 'em.  Poor Frankie Five-Angels.  He always wanted to die in bed...with a broad.
I'd like to come along.  There's been a lot of strain, and I've been cooped up in this room for three days.
Count on me; that's my specialty.
Tonight I want to relax with you. The Senator from Nevada is here with some people from Washington. I want to show them a good time in Havana.
That's what I'm here for.
I want you to help me, Fredo.
No.  No, I didn't.  Who tells me anything?  I been kept in the dark so long, I'm getting used to it.
Pentangeli's dead.  He was ambushed by the Rosato Brothers.  Didn't you know that?
I never met them.
Johnny Ola... Hyman Roth.
Great, Havana's great.  Lots of activity in Havana!  Anybody I know here.  Five-Angels?  Anybody?
We're making an investment in Havana.
Oh.  Mikey, what's up?  I'm totally in the dark.
It's all right.  He stays with me all the time.
Oh, 'scuse me.
Mio fratello.
Hiya, Freddie Corleone.
Forget it, just go take care of her.
Hey Mike, what can I say?
Roberto.  Who owns the 'rat-holes.'
Chi?
The 'patrone' is here.
He took the money.  Now he wants double from everybody in the neighborhood, including Papa.
 And he agreed?
What did I tell you.  The one who cut him was found in an alley.  And the family of the others paid Fanucci all their savings to make him forswear his vengeance.
Because he's what we say... &quot;connected&quot;... You wait, see what happens to those guys from Ninth Avenue.
Why?
I wish they had.  He takes fifty dollars a week from my father's cash drawer.  But you can't kill a man like Fanucci.
In Sicily, when you attack a man, you had better finish him.
Nah.  Those guys aren't murderers. They wanted to scare him, that's all.  Make him look bad.
No, I didn't know.  Is he dead?
Some guys from Ninth Avenue jumped Fanucci today; slit his throat from ear to ear.
What?
I bet you can't guess what happened?
I know.  That's why I brought you with me!
For you, she is beautiful.  For me, there is only my wife!
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Because he knows them; he knows they have no one to protect them. Vitone?  What do you think of my angel?
Why?  Why does he bother other Italians?
A pig of a Neaponitan. 
He's an Italian?
I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.
I don't know.  I hope soon; but it's not over yet, and that's why you and the kids have to come back to me.
When is it finally over?  I want it to be over before my baby is born.
If you told Michael what I've told you today, I'm a dead man.
What the hell does that mean?  Come on, Tom, speak out straight once in your life.  I know Michael can't, but you're not Sicilian, you can tell a woman the truth; you can treat her like an equal, a fellow human being.
If he were, he'd be dead by now. You'd be a widow.  You'd have no problem.
He's not the same as when I met him.
Okay, just hear me out.  What if Carlo had been paid to help get Sonny killed?  What if his beating of Connie that time was a deliberate plot to get Sonny out into the open? Then what?  And what if the Don, a great man, couldn't bring himself to do what he had to do, avenge his son's death by killing his daughter's husband?  What if that, finally, was too much for him, and he made Michael his successor, knowing that Michael would take that load off his shoulders, would take that guilt?
That's the first time I've seen the lawyer side of you, Tom.  It's not your best side.
You don't know that's true.  But Kay, just for the sake of an argument, let's assume it is, I'm not saying it is, remember, but... What if I gave you what might be some justification for what he did... or rather some possible justification for what he possibly did.
What kind of a family is this... are we human beings?  He knows his Father killed his Uncle Carlo.  He heard Connie.
Kay... Kay...
... He said he had shot his Grandfather with a gun, and then he died in the garden.  And he asked me... he asked me, Tom, if that meant now his father would shoot him out of... revenge.  How does a four year old boy learn the word... 'revenge'?
That's not the way we look at it.
Am I a prisoner?
I don't know.  I'm sorry, Kay...
How long does this go on?
Kay, Michael didn't tell me a lot; and what he did tell me, I can't repeat.  But the responsibility for you and the kids was the most important thing he left me with.
I'm going to see my parents.
That's off now.
I was supposed to take the children to New England next week.
Within the compound will be fine.
I'm supposed to stay in my house.
It's Michael's request...for your safety.  We can send out for anything you need.
I don't know.
Will you tell him?
Yes.
You're going to talk to him now.
I wanted to tell you alone; your wife doesn't know what's going on.
Why didn't someone tell me!
The Barretts from Rubicon Bay came by in a new speedboat.  Rocco tried to say she wasn't in, but Kay spotted them and asked if they would take her and the kids for a ride.  That was three hours ago.
What do you mean gone?
She's gone, Tom.
Hello?
It's as though he blames me for the ground the family lost when I was Consigliere to Sonny.
Talk to him.  Tell him how you feel.
Just now when Johnny Ola showed up, he asked me to leave them alone. Ola is Hyman Roth's Sicilian contact.  I was on the inside of ten, twenty meetings with him.  But today Mike asked me to leave, like an outsider.
I can feel it in the way he talks to me.
We don't know that's true, he never said that.
He doesn't want my help any more. He doesn't need it.
With Mama, putting the baby to sleep.  Francesca's very happy. Michael was kind to her.  She idolizes him.  The children are all out in the speedboat.  I'm going to my house.
Where's my wife?
Yeah, give me a minute.
Me too, Tom?
I can't let him down.
She took a flight to San Francisco. We figure she's going to connect to New Hampshire; her parents' place.
I was in my house.  Willy tried, but it would have taken some strong-arm to stop her, and he figured you wouldn't want that.
Goddamn it, where were you?
I know.  I went down to the Barrett house.  But she's gone.  They drove her and the kids to North Tahoe airport.
Rocco!
I'm staying.  Don't ever enjoy the cruel part of all this; Sonny never listened to me about that.  Now, explain everything to me.
Good.  Then you're staying.
Why do you hurt me, Michael?  I've always been loyal to you.
I know you do, Tom.  Then I can count on you to help me do the things I have to do.  If not, call Houstan, and become a Vice-President. Take your family and your mistress and move them to Las Vegas.
I turned Houstan down; I didn't see why I should tell you about an offer I turned down.  Are you sure, Mikey?  Are you sure of what we're doing; what we'll gain; what does the family gain? Forget that, Mike; I already know the answer.
They are everywhere!
Are you so hungry for traitors; do you want to find them everywhere?
I'm surprised at you, Tom.  If there's anything certain; certain in life; if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill...  ANYBODY.  But perhaps your relucatance is because you've come to tell me that you're moving your family to Vegas, that you've been offered the Vice-Presidency of the Houstan Hotels there.  Or weren't you going to tell me at all?
Mike, it would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him.
I don't like it when you use the word impossible; nothing is impossible...
Mike, it's impossible.  He'll be met by the Internal Revenue; the Customs Service, and half the FBI.
I want it met.
That plane goes to Miami...
He's been dying of the same heart attack for twenty years.
His medical condition is reported as... &quot;terminal.&quot;
They won't take him; not for a million, not for ten million.
I know he's in Israel.
Sit down, Tom.  Have you heard about our friend and partner, Mr. Hyman Roth?
Alright.  I'm going to go outside and talk to Fredo.
He says he doesn't know anything, and I believe him.  Roth played this one beautifully.
Roth engineered it, Michael.  He made Pentangeli think you hit him. Deliberately letting him get off alive.  Then the New York detectives turned Frankie over to the FBI.  My informants say he was half dead and scared stiff -- talking out loud that you had turned on him and tried to kill him.  Anyway, they had him on possession, dealing in heroin, murder one and a lot more. There's no way we can get to him and you've opened yourself to five points of perjury.
How did they get their hands on Pentangeli?
I don't know.
Does she blame it on me?  The baby?
She took the Senate Investigation worse.
And Kay...she's all right?
It was a boy.
What is it, can't you give me straight answers anymore!
Mike, at three and a half...
Was it a boy or a girl?
Kay had a miscarriage; she lost the baby.
Go on, tell me.
Alright.
Wait... there's something else.
They can come in now.
My information is that Fredo thought it was a kidnapping.  Roth assured him nothing would happen to you.
I want you to reach Fredo.  I know he's scared, but have one of our people reach him.  Assure him that there will be no reprisals.  Tell him that I know Roth misled him.
The new government arrested him, held him for a couple of days with a lot of the other casino people, including Roth's brother, Sam.  The American Embassy arranged flights for citizens; I'm not sure, but I think he's somewhere in New York.
I asked about Fredo?
Roth got out on a private boat. He's in a hospital in Miami.  Had a stroke but he's recovered okay. Bussetta's dead.
Where's my brother?
A little care he can ride in with an electric motor.
What was it, so I'll know.
I took care of it.
Did the boy get something from me for Christmas?
No.  But if they do have somebody, you'll do three years for perjury if you give them so much as a wrong middle name.
Do you think they have somebody to back up Cicci?
If I'm wrong...
But if you're wrong...
I don't think so.  Unless I'm very wrong...they're already dead. Killed by someone inside...very frightened that they botched it. That's why I am going to disappear in a few minutes, and leave everything to you.
Will we...be able to get who ordered it out of them?
I've prepared this; have had it for over a month.  It won't explain everything; but indicates where I will be, so in a sense, it is my life.  Also, there are three tasks that must be executed immediately.  Pop would have given those to Luca -- You knew Pop as well as anyone, act as though you were him.  It discusses Kay as well; that will be the most difficult.  The men who tried to kill me tonight, will never leave the estate.
No Tom, just listen.  All my people are businessmen; their loyalty is based on that.  One thing I learned from my father is to try to think as the people around you think...and on that basis, anything is possible. Fredo has a good heart, but he is weak...and stupid, and stupid people are the most dangerous of all.  I've kept you out of things, Tom, because I've always known that your instincts were legitimate, and I wanted you to know very little of things that would make you an accomplice, for your own protection. I never blamed you for the setbacks the family took under Sonny; I know you were in a position of limited power, and you did your best to advise and caution him.  What I am saying is that now, for how long I do not know, you will be the Don. If what I think has happened is true; I will leave tonight, and absolutely no one will know how to contact me.  And even you are not to try to reach me unless it is absolutely necessary.  I give you complete power: over Neri... Fredo, everyone.  I am trusting you with the lives of my wife and children, and the future of this family, solely resting on your judgment and talent.
Mikey, I hoped...
No, I have confidence in their loyalty... but this is life and death, and Tom, you are my brother.
But your people... Neri... Rocco; you don't think...
There's a lot I can't tell you, Tom. I know that's upset you in the past; and you've felt that it was because of some lack of trust or confidence.  But it is because I do trust you that I've kept so much secret from you.  It's precisely that at this moment, you are the only one that I can completely trust.  In time, you'll understand everything.
Just tell Rocco I'm waiting.
If you need anything, just...
Sure, Mikey.
Tom isn't going to sit in with us, Johnny.  He only handles specific areas of the family business.  Tom?
Connie's outside.
Two-thirty.  That gives me time to see my boy.
I'm sorry; of course, you know that.
He's going to try Panama...
The High Court of Israel turned down his request to live as a 'returned Jew.' His passport's been invalidated except for return to the U.S.  He landed in Buenos Aires yesterday, offered a gift of one million dollars if they would give him citizenship.  They turned him down.
How do I know you haven't gone into business for yourself?
Al, as far as you're concerned, I'm the Don.
I got to ask questions, Tom, there's three million dollars cash in that pouch; Mike is gone and I have no word from him.
No questions.
What's up?
Your plans are a little different this time.  You skip Miami, and go straight to Geneva.  It's to be deposited to this number.  And it's got to be there by Monday morning, no slip-up.
We've never sent this much with one courier.
Mike wants it.
It might show.
Twenty-five this time.
Fifteen percent skim?
Thanks, Tom.  Thanks.
Don't worry about anything, Frankie Five-Angels.
Yeah, that was a good break.  A nice deal.
Yeah, but only the rich guys.  The little guys got knocked off.  If they got arrested and executed, all their estate went to the Emperor. If they just went home and killed themselves, up front, nothing happened.
The Roman Empire... when a plot against the Emperor failed, the plotters were always given a chance to let their families keep their fortunes.
Yeah, it was once.
Yeah, it worked.  Those were great old days.  We was like the Roman Empire.  The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.
You were around the old timers who dreamed up how the Families should be organized, how they based it on the old Roman Legions, and called them 'Regimes'... with the 'Capos' and 'Soldiers,' and it worked.
Yeah, I still read a lot.  They bring me stuff.
Frankie, you were always interested in politics, in history.  I remember you talking about Hitler back in '43.  We were young then.
Tom, what do I do now?
You're right.
That's my brother.  Nothing could get him away from that two mule town.  He coulda been big over here -- he could of had his own Family.
Yeah.  He wouldn't even go out to dinner.  Just wanted to go home.
He's ten times tougher than me, my brother.  He's old-fashioned.
Yeah, but don't worry.
Did my brother go back?
Everything is going to be okay, Frankie, don't worry.
I'd like to go outside with him, in the open air.
The room has a bug in it.
I think I prefer to see my client privately.
Thanks...friend.
Simple.  Be friendly like us.  Not hostile.
And what's the price of their not finding out.
We'll keep it quiet; the people who know are trustworthy...the Committee needn't find out.
You paid off thirty grand I never owed.
Our mistake.  But what does it matter; it was our money.  We don't even expect thanks.
There's thirty grand worth of paid off markers -- I never owed that much.
Maybe two, three thousand dollars.
Do you owe markers?
A little; what's so thought- provoking about that?
Do you gamble?
No one can trace anything to me; I pride myself on that.
You know there's a Senate Investigating Committee recently set up; we thought it would be unfortunate if they were to trace anything though-provoking to your name.
No strings.
We know you're a busy man, with plenty of enemies -- we saw the opportunity to do you a favor, and we did.  No strings.
What the hell are you talking about?
Actually, I've come with good news; the Corleone family has done you a favor.
...and the tape will be running.
The committee is adjourned until further notice.
This committee owes an apology!
This meeting is adjourned.
Senator Kane.
The witness is excused; take him out.
Sir, the gentleman does not understand English.  He would not in any case, take the stand.  He came, at his own expense, to aid his brother in his trouble.  He is not under any jurisdiction of our government and his reputation in his own country is impeccable.
He is, I believe, a brother.
Is he related to the witness?
Yes, sir.  His name is Vincenzo Pentangeli.
Mr. Hagen, would you kindly identify to this committee that gentleman sitting on your right hand?
Very well.
Sir, my client has answered every question asked by this committee with the utmost cooperation and sincerity.  He has not taken that Fifth Amendment as it was his right to do, and which because of the extreme legal complexity of this hearing, counsel advised him to do. So, I think in all fairness this committee should hear his statement and put it in the record.
I don't think that's necessary.
Senator, my client would like to read a statement for the record.
Mr. Hagen's, ma'am.
Whose orders are these?
If you could just give us a list, we'll pick up anything you want.
I'm going to the market.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Corleone.  We're not to let you through.
Yes.
It wasn't a miscarriage.  And you with your cunning, couldn't you figure it out!  It was an abortion; an abortion, like our marriage is an abortion, something unholy and evil.  I don't want your son; I wouldn't bring another of your sons into this world.  An abortion, Michael... it was a son, and I had it killed, but this must all end!
I know what it meant... and I'm prepared to make it up to you.  I will make changes; I can.  I CAN change; that I have learned, that I have the strength to change... And we have another child, a boy... and you'll forget the miscarriage.
The baby I lost...
How can I let you leave; how can I let you take my children away? Don't you know me?  You understand, it's an impossibility.  I would never let it happen; no, never, not if it took all my strength, all my cunning.  But in time, soon, you'll feel differently.  You see, you'll be happy that I stopped you.  I know you.  You'll forget about this; you'll forget about the baby we lost... and we'll go on, you and I.
You haven't heard me.
We'll go back tonight.  Bring the children.
At this moment, I feel no love for you at all.  I never thought that could happen, but it has.
If that's what it takes; then yes, I will.
Oh, I do feel things for you, Michael; but now, I think it's pity. For the first time since I've known you, you seem so helpless.  You held me a prisoner once; will you try again?
No, I don't want to hear anything. There are things between men and women that will not change; things that have been the same for thousands of years.  You are my wife, and they are my children... and I love you and I will not let you leave, because you are MINE!
Michael.
I won't let you leave!  Christ, do you think I'm going to let you leave.
Goodbye, Michael.
Kay, I told you...
I'll bring the children up now; they want to say goodbye.
When he saw his brother in the hearing room, he knew what was at stake.  I don't think Vincenzo would have done it.  He loves the kids, too. Omerta, Kay.  Honor, silence.  It had nothing to do with me.  It was between those brothers.
Kay, you've got it wrong.  That kind of thing's all over, I promised you.  This was between the two brothers.  Years ago Frankie had a young girlfriend; he called her his co-wife.  That was his joke, but he meant it.  He wouldn't divorce his wife... because she was a great cook.  He said he girlfriend made a spaghetti sauce once and it was so terrible he knew he could never marry her.  He set her up in a house in Jersey.  She had to be faithful... and she had to have kids. And she did, two, a boy and a girl. He had her checked out and watched so she couldn't cheat... but the girl couldn't stand that kind of life.  She begged him to let her go. He did.  He gave her money and made her give up the kids.  Then Frankie took them to Italy, and had them brought up by his brother Vincenzo. Where he knew they'd by safe.
You would have killed his brother?
That's all.  You see, in Sicily, in the old days... there was only one legitimate reason to kill a blood relative... only one.  IF he was a traitor.
And that's all he had to do.  Just show his face.
On a plane back to Sicily.
I didn't even know he had a brother. And where is he now?
His brother came to help him.
Tell me, Michael.  What really happened with Pentangeli?
Why too late?
I think it's too late for changes, Michael.  I promised myself I wouldn't talk about it and I've gone and spoiled it.
There are a lot of things I want to talk to you about.  Things I've been thinking about -- changes I want to make.
I'm not going to stay long; I can't.
Why don't you sit down?
In a minute.  They're outside with Esther.  I'm very happy for you... I suppose I knew that you're simply too smart for anyone ever to beat you.
Where?
I wanted to see you before you went back to Nevada.  Also, the children - Michael, they're here.
I had no idea...
Have Tom Hagen meet me in the Harbor House.
Leave her alone!  You're talking as though she has no right to be frightened when there are machine guns going off in her backyard.
It made me think of what you told me once.  In five years, the Corleone family will be completely legitimate.  That was seven years ago.
I'm sorry about some of the people I had to see today.  It was bad timing... but it couldn't be helped.
Yes, Michael, it does.
Does it feel like a boy?
Sleeping inside me.
How's the baby?
Yes, Michael.
Kay.
Mr. Ola's just leaving, Kay. Please tell the Senator I won't be a minute.
I'm sorry, Michael.  Senator Geary's here, and Mr. and Mrs. Barrett wanted to thank you before they left.  Won't you join us, Mr. Ola?
This is my boy, and my wife.  Mr. John Ola of Miami.
Anthony, Daddy's busy.
Get out of my hotel.
You missed my point; you are no longer an owner.
You don't come in here, talk to an owner in Las Vegas like that.
You said you were Klingman.
Who do you think you're talking to?
I represent the interests of the Corleone family.  We make the invitation to you to tie up your affairs and be out of the hotel by Monday morning.
Right here.
Where can we talk?
Who's asking?
Are you Klingman?
But times are different...
Your family?  How can you ever lose your family?
No, I meant lose his family.
You talk about the baby.  She can have another baby.
Alright.  They bother me once in awhile.  Tell me, when Pop had troubles... did he ever think, even to himself, that he had gone the wrong way; that maybe by trying to be strong and trying to protect his family, that he could... that he could... lose it instead?
Well, we can all have a nice dinner together tonight.  How are your eyes?
There are still things I have to do.
I'm alright.  Will you stay home for awhile?
It's Michael.  How are you, Mom?
There was this kid that I grew up with; he was a couple years younger than me, and sort of looked up to me, you know.  We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street.  Things were good and we made the most of it.  During prohibition, we ran molasses up to Canada and made a fortune; your father too.  I guess as much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to make a city out of a desert stop-over for G.I.'s on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man; a man with vision and guts; and there isn't even a plaque or a signpost or a statue of him in that town.  Someone put a bullet through his eye; no one knows who gave the order.  When I heard about it I wasn't angry.  I knew Moe; I knew he was headstrong, and talking loud, and saying stupid things.  So when he turned up dead, I let it go, and said to myself: this is the business we've chosen. I never asked, who gave the go ahead because it had nothing to do with business.
I know it wasn't me...so that leaves you.
I know that; but who gave the go ahead.
Why...the Rosato Brothers.
Who had Frankie Pantangeli killed?
Terrible.  I'd give twice this amount to take a piss without it hurting.
I've read it; I'm pleased that the government is doing so well.  As a heavy investor, I'm pleased.  How did the doctor find you?
You're a careful kid, and that's good.  But look.  An international dispatch on the wire service. American journalism, not propaganda. The government troops have all but eliminated the rebels.  All but their radio station.
Six million dollars in cash is a high price for a piece of a country in the middle of a revolution.
Still no word of your courier? We'll find him.  But at least this will satisfy our friends here. You've been invited to the New Year reception at the Presidential Home. I understand your brother is here as well; I hope he'll come.
This doubles my investment.
You'll be there to see it; you'll be there.
If only I could live to see it, kid; to be there with you.  How beautifully we've done it, step by step.  Here, protected, free to make our profits without the Justice Department, the FBI; ninety miles away in partnership with a friendly government.  Ninety miles, just a small step, looking for a man who desperately wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible.
Except the President of the United States.
I wouldn't consider anyone else.
Then you have to trace it.  Michael, people here look at me as a reliable man.  I can't afford not to be looked on as a reliable man.  But you know all that; there's nothing you can learn from me.  You shouldn't have to put up with a sick old man as a partner.
The money was sent.
My concern is that the three million never arrived at Batista's numbered account in Switzerland. He thinks it's because you have second thoughts about his ability to stop the rebels.
We're making a big investment in Cuba.  That's my only concern.
You have to be careful what you say in front of the others... they frighten easy.  It's always been that way, most men frighten easy.
I saw an interesting thing today. A man was being arrested by the Military Police; probably an urban guerrilla.  Rather than be taken alive, he exploded a grenade hidden in his jacket, taking the command vehicle with him.
Enjoy.
It means... &quot;The Lie.&quot;
I still don't speak Spanish, Michael.
Of course you must keep control of your family.
Then it's done.  I must choose his replacement: it cannot be Rosato.
It's always bad for business; but you have no choice.
Pentangeli is a dead man; do you object?
Nothing is more important.
Technically, they are still under the Clemenza wing of the Corleone Family, now run by Frankie Pentangeli.  After Clemenza died, the Rosatos wanted territory of their own.  Pentangeli refused, and came to me, asking for permission to eliminate them.  I, of course, knew of their relationship with you, and in gratitude for your help with the Tropicana matter, turned him down.  Pentangeli was furious, and paid one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to have me killed. I was lucky and he was stupid. I'll visit him soon.  The important thing is that nothing jeopardize our plans, yours and mine.  This thing of ours, that we will build.
We do favors for each other...
The Rosato Brothers have performed services for you in the past; I understand that they are under your protection.
However I can help you...
You're a great man, Mr. Roth, I have much to learn from you.
You're a considerate young man.
The incident of the other night is a nuisance that I can take care of. I came to you because I want nothing to affect our agreement; I wanted to clear everything I'm going to do with you, just in case.
What a mistake; people behaving like that, with guns.  It was my understanding we left all that behind.  But, let me tell you, the important thing is that you're all right.  Good health is the most important thing; more than success; more than power; more than money.
Yes.
I like sporting events -- I really enjoy watching them in the afternoon. One of the things I love about this country.  I loved baseball ever since Arnold Rothstein fixed the World Series of 1919...I heard you had some trouble.
Not for a few years.
Sit down, this is almost over.  You follow the baseball games?
So, that occurred to me.
So?
It occurred to me: the police are paid to fight, and the Rebels are not.
Jake, Jake, come over here.  Mike, I want you to meet Jake Cohen; he manages the casino for us.
Very impressive.
This is it!  We think it makes Vegas look like the corner crap game.
No, I'm fine.
Hiya, Mr. Corleone, I'm Sam Roth. Welcome to the Capri; my brother's upstairs.  You wanta take a rest before you see him, or can I get you something, anything at all?
Okay.  You know he doesn't have that kind of money.
Let him gamble.
They asked him to sign paper to take down the markers; but he got mad; told them to wait until he was finished.
He always makes money for his partners.  One by one, our old friends are gone.  Death, natural or not, prison, deported.  Our friend in Miami is the only one left, because he always made money for his partners.
He's very kind, tell him it's appreciated.  I'm sure it will be profitable all the way around.
The hotel's registered owners are one Jacob Lawrence, and Sidney Barclay, both Beverly Hills attorneys.  In reality it's split between the Old Lakeville Road Group from Cleveland, and our friend in Miami.  He takes care of others outside the country, you know who I mean.  Meyer Klingman runs the store, and does all right, but I've been instructed to tell you, that if you move him out, our friend in Miami will go along with you.
He appreciates your concern, Michael, and your respect.
Is there anything I can do; anything I can send?
Not good.
How is his health?
I just left our friend in Miami.
Sure, I remember Tom from the old days.
You know my lawyer, Tom Hagen. Johnny Ola.
I do not.
Do you have interests or control over gambling and narcotics in the state of New York.
I do not.
Mr. Corleone, do you have any hotel interests in the state of Arizona? Or any gambling interests in that state?
That is not true.  I own some stock in some of the hotels, but only very small amounts.  I also own some American Telephone and IBM stock.
Is it true that you own a controlling interest in three of the major hotels in Las Vegas?
That is a complete falsehood.
Is it true that in the year 1950 you devised the murder of the heads of the Five Families in New York, to assume and consolidate your nefarious power?
I deny his every charge.
This witness has testified that you are personally responsible for the murder of a New York Police Captain in the year 1947 and with him a man named Virgil Sollozzo.  Do you deny this?
No.
I'm sure we all agree with our esteemed colleague.  Now, Mr. Corleone, you have been advised as to your legal rights.  We have had testimony from a preceding witness who states you are head of the most powerful Mafia family in this country.  Are you?
Yes.
Are you the son of Vito Corleone?
Good.
Sure, Mike.  I'll go along.
This was my father's old study. When I was a kid, we had to be quiet when we played near here. When I was older, I learned many things from him here.  I was happy that this house never went to strangers; first Clemenza took it over, and then you.  My father taught me, in this room, never to act until you know everything that's behind things.  Never.  If Hyman Roth sees that I interceded with you in the Rosato Brothers' favor, he'll think his relationship with me is still sound.  I'm going somewhere to meet him tomorrow.  We have friends in some very important business that we're making.  Do this for me; you make the peace with the Rosato Brothers on their terms.  Let the word out that I forced you; you're not happy wit hit, but acquiesced, just because of me.  It will get back to Hyman Roth.  Do this, Frankie.  You can trust me.
Jesus Christ, Michael, then let's hit 'em now, while we still got the muscle.
Frankie, Roth tried to have me killed.  I'm sure it was him, but I don't know yet why.
Then why do you want me to lay down to them?
I know.
Always... But sometimes I don't understand.  I know I'll never have your kind of brains, in big deals. But Mike, this is a street thing. And Hyman Roth in Miami is behind the Rosato Brothers.
Frankie...do you respect me?  Do I have your loyalty?
It would be the beginning of the end for my family.  How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise-guys stand up and demand this and that, and then give it to them?
Trust me; do as I ask.
Mike, I don't understand.  Don't ask me to do that.
I want you to settle on their terms.
I was just going to contact you, Michael; we just had a 'sit-down' - in fact, I just come from there.
I want you to settle these troubles with the Rosato Brothers.
Michael, anything.  What is it I can do for you?
I want you to help me take my revenge.
In my home!  In the same room where my wife was sleeping; where my children come in their pajamas, and play with their toys.
Michael, yes, we was all relieved...
I didn't want you to know I was coming.  You heard what happened in my home?
Don Corleone, I wish you let me know you was coming.  We could have prepared something for you.
He did business...but he never trusted him.
Frankie, you know my father respected Roth, did business with him.
You give your loyalty to a Jew over your own blood.
No.  There are things that I have planned with Hyman Roth.  I don't want them disturbed.
How can you be fair with animals? They recruit niggers and spicks; they do violence in their own Grandmother's neighborhoods.  And everything is dope and whores; the gambling is left to last.  Let me run my family without you on my back.  I want them taken care of.
I know.  That's why I want you to be fair with them.
The Rosatos are running crazy; taking hostages, spitting in my face, because they're backed by the Jew in Miami.
Frankie, you're a good old man, and you've been loyal to my Father for years...so I hope you can explain what you mean.
And while I feed my family in New York, you put the knife in my back in Miami.
Your family still carries the name Corleone, and you will run it like a Corleone!
Michael, you're sitting up here in the Sierra Mountains with champagne cocktails making judgment on the way I run my family.
They feel cheated.
Clemenza promised them nothing, he hated the sonsuvbitches.
Clemenza promised Rosato three territories in the Bronx after he died, and then you took over and welched.
Says who?
You were unfair with them.
Okay, now it's my family in Brooklyn; and I wanna keep up Clemenza's loyalty to you.  But how can I run my family with you challenging my every move?  You're too far from the street, Mike, the only way to reason with the Rosato Brothers is to whack 'em and whack 'em fast.
We were all heartbroken at the news; but that wasn't cause to start a war.
Sure, Pete Clemenza died of a heart attack, but the Rosato Brothers gave it to him.
After dinner.
When do we talk?
I know.
All right, then let me say you'll pay me because it's in your interests to pay me.
We're all part of the same hypocrisy, Senator.  But never think it applies to my family.
I'm going to squeeze you, Corleone, because I don't like you; I don't like the kind of man you are.  I despise your masquerade, and the dishonest way you pose yourself and your fucking family.
Senator Geary, I speak to you as a businessman who has made a large investment in your state.  I have made that state my home; plan to raise my children here.  The license fee from the Gambling Commission costs one thousand dollars; why would I ever consider paying more?
Let's forget the bullshit, I don't want to stay here any longer than I have to.  You can have the license for two hundred and fifty thousand in cash, plus a monthly fee equal to five percent of the gross...
Turnbull is a good man.
The Corleone family controls two major hotels in Vegas; one in Reno. The licenses were grandfathered in, so you had no difficulties with the Gaming Commission.  But I have the idea from sources...  ...that you're planning to move in on the Tropicana.  In another week or so you'll move Klingman out, which leaves you with only one technicality.  The license, which is now in Klingman's name.
Some water.
I trust these men with my life. They are my right arms; I cannot insult them by sending them away.
I thought we would meet alone.
My lawyer, Tom Hagen.  He arranged this all through your man Turnbull.
No, she's here.
On the phone?
No sign of them yet; but they're still on the Estate.
And?
Your family all seem to be okay in the other houses; your Mother's still sleeping.
It's important.
We'll try.
Keep them alive.
They're still on the property. Maybe you better stay inside.
That's a lucky C note for our new deal.
What's this?
Maybe, yes... maybe no.
He supports me.
What about Michael Corleone?
I'm talking about Italians!
We got friends in the commission.
You know if there's a way I'll go to the commission and the commission will side with me.  That puts me and the other New York families against you.
We got no choice.
You want a war?
Then Carmine Fucillo and Tony Blue DeRosa will need to be fitted for slabs.
What if I say shove it?
The same assurance we got from you.
What assurances do I have that there will be no more kidnapping, no more hits?
My lawyer went over this beforehand.
Pari Persu; what the fuck is Pari persu...?
We will release the hostages, number one.  Number two, we're here for you to count on when you need us.  We're independent, but we're here if you need us.  In general, we'll cooperate with you and your businesses, and you in turn will cooperate with us.  Pari persu.
I'm a little hungry, maybe I'll order something.  Joe.  Get me some bracciole or something. And pay cash.  And in return for these concessions, what do you do for me?
We want Brooklyn one hundred percent.  No more taxes to you.  We want to be only loosely connected with your family -- sort of a under-family all of our own.  Then we can act on all internal matters without talking.  Also we want you to inform Michael Corleone that we can deal directly with him.
Don't I look like I'm listening?
You wasn't listening, you didn't want to talk.
We could have talked first, saved a lot of running around.
You weren't straight with us, Frankie, what else could we do?
Forget it; I'm suddenly without an appetite.  You're making big trouble, Carmine.
Sure, on me.  I got Diner's Club.
Are we going to eat or what?
We worked it all out beforehand.
He don't want to talk?
Sitting right behind you.
Rosato, where's your brother?
I won't keep you another minute...
I accept your generosity...
In fact, reduced, bu five dollars!
What was that?
Your good heart in helping the poor widow has shamed me, and I want to show that I, too, have some Christian charity.  Her rent will remain what it was.
What a terrible misunderstanding. Of course, Signora Colombo can stay in the flat.  Who were those miserable tenants to complain about noise from a poor animal...when they pay such low rent.
Yes.
Excuse me, I hope I am not a disturbance, Don Corleone.
Like hell!  And who the hell are you to give me orders.  Watch your manners or you'll be on your Sicilian ass in the street there.
Here is the six month's increase in advance.  You needn't speak to her about it, she's a proud woman.  See me again in another six months. But of course, you'll let her keep her dog.
Eh...  Five dollars more.
How much more a month?
I've already rented it; I cannot disappoint the new tenants.  They're paying a higher rent.
I told her I would speak to you, that you are a reasonable man who acted out of some misunderstanding. She has gotten rid of the animal that caused all the trouble, so why shouldn't she stay.  As one Italian to another, I ask you the favor.
I have already rented the apartment to another family.
