No, he was so hammered that he drove the police cruiser home. Fuckin' lights and everything!
No way! You're kiddin'!
Guy's tryin' to walk the line--but he can't even fuckin' stand up, and so my uncle's gonna spend a night in jail. Just then there's this fuckin' BOOM like fifty yards down the road. Some guy's car hit a tree.
Oh shit.
Two weeks? That's nothin'. My Uncle Marty? Will knows him. That guy fuckin' drinks like you've never seen! One night he was drivin' back to his house on I-93-- Statie pulls him over.
I'm sorry, 'cause you know Mikey, the fuckin guy loves animals, and this is the last person you'd want this to happen to.
What? Come on!
Well you know how he loves animals right? Anyway, last week he's drivin' home... 
Yeah.
You guys know my cousin Mikey Sullivan?
Oh great, tell her that! Now she really thinks we're problem drinkers!
I've been shit faced for like two weeks.
Watch what happens.
All right, then.
Keep fuckin' with me. Watch what happens.
Oh, Morgan!
Suck my cock!
Submit, bitch! Submit! Submit!
Least I work for a livin'.  Why'd you get fired?
Fuck you, you fat fuck.
--Yah, restructurin' the amount of retards they had workin' for them.
That fuckin' guinea, Will knows him.
Who's she talking to?
Yeah, I figured now that you got your big job over in Cambridge, you needed some way to get over there and I knew I wasn't gonna drive you every day...
You're kiddin' me.
Little Morgan's got a lot a scrap, dude. I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em. You know how many people try to whip Morgan's ass every week? Fuckin' kid won't back down.
Why didn't you yoke him?
No, I had to talk him down.
You and Morgan throw?
Let me tell you what I do know. Every day I come by to pick you up, and we go out drinkin' or whatever and we have a few laughs. But you know what the best part of my day is? The ten seconds before I knock on the door 'cause I let myself think I might get there, and you'd be gone. I'd knock on the door and you wouldn't be there. You just left.
You don't know that.
Fuck you. You owe it to me. Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be fifty and I'll still be doin' this. And that's all right 'cause I'm gonna make a run at it. But you, you're sittin' on a winning lottery ticket and you're too much of a pussy to cash it in. And that's bullshit 'cause I'd do anything to have what you got! And so would any of these guys. It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years.
Why is it always this? I owe it to myself? What if I don't want to?
Listen, you got somethin' that none of us have.
Chuckie, what are you talkin'...
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you.
What do I want a way outta here for? I want to live here the rest of my life. I want to be your next door neighbor. I want to take out kids to little league together up Foley Field.
It's a way outta here.
Yeah, be a fuckin' lab rat.
Yah, but it's better than this shit. At least you'd make some nice bank.
Yeah, sit in a room and do long division for the next fifty years.
Are they hookin' you up with a job?
Week after I'm twenty-one.
Suck my crank. Fuckin' sheet metal pussy.  So, when are you done with those meetin's?
Some shows are worth the price of admission, partner.
Oh I'm sure, that's why only one of us has herpes.
Sorry, brother.  I don't know what to tell ya. You know all the girls I been with. You been with 'em too, except for Cheryl McGovern which was a big mistake on your part brother...
She went to Medical school in California.
What?
Gone.
How's the woman?
Don't get too slap-happy, you're takin' me home first. WILL I don't know, Chuck. It's kinda outta the way.
Thanks, Chuck.
I was countin' on it.
What do I look like, Al Cowlins?  You want to take my car, drop her off?
I don't know what the fuck you're doin'. You're givin' us a ride.
I don't know.
Why not?
I didn't get on Cathy last night.
No one. I didn't have the number.
Who'd you call?
You're fuckin' good.
Probation, counselin', few days a week.
What'd you get? You get leniency?
Next week.
When's the arraignment?
Yeah, you're all invited over to Morgan's house for a complementary fish sandwhich.
Hey, thanks for comin' out.
I don't know yet.
What do we got?
No, and we got four of 'em.
Jesus, that's really bad, did anyone even order a Flyin' Fish?
Jesus Christ. Not even close.
She didn't do it again did she?
We're not goin'.  I don't even like "Kelly's."
She's sharp as a marble.
Fuck you.
I don't know, we'll fuck up some smart kids.  You'd prob'ly fit right in.
What are we gonna do up there?
Casey's bouncin' at a bar up Harvard. We should go there sometime.
Stop crowdin the plate!
Stop brushin' me back!
--or a tail--
Yeah, so he's like "Check the front of my truck, I can prove I hit it 'cause there's probably some blood or something"--
Okay. He's driving along and this fuckin' cat jumps in front of his car, and so he hits this cat--
Chuckie, what the fuck happened?
Yeah, it is.
Is that true?
I really don't know what to say. Look, I lie to women all the time. That's just my way.  Last week Morgan brought these girls down from Roslindale. I told them I was a cosmonaut. They believed me. But Will's not usually like that--
I don't care what his family's like or if he doesn't have any brothers, but he doesn't have to lie to me.
Well, I don't have no trousers on...
I just wanted to find out what was going on...But now that I'm here it seems strange, doesn't it?
You caught that, huh?
See, now this doesn't feel right.  When I made the decision to come over here it felt right. I had all these rationalizations... I just don't understand why Will never tells me anything, he won't let me get close to him, he tells me these weird lies--
Let's take a walk. EXT. CHUCKIE'S STREET -- DAY
Okay.
She'll live.  If she starts yelling again I might have to run in real quick and beat her with the stick again but...
Is this a bad time?
What? No. This is my mother's house. I don't live with my mother. I just stop by, help out. I'm good like that.
I guess so.
This is your house, right?
Oh, right.
You were the only Sullivan in the phone book.
How'd you know where to find me?
Good.
How you doin'?
Hi.
I wanted to meet your brothers...
Yeah, not tonight. Not any other night. He knows, once you see that shit-hole he's gettin' dropped like a bad habit.
See ya' Chuckie. I had fun.
I'm glad you came by, changed my opinion of Harvard people.
Yah, it's not a bad school...
Oh...
Ah, history I think.
What class?
So, you ladies ah, go to school here?
Okay.
Guy's been up my ass for two years about a fuckin' job. I had to let him help with the car.
Fuck you, I did the body work. Whose fuckin' router you think sanded out all that bondo?
Me and Bill scraped together the parts, worked on it. Morgan was out panhandlin' every day.
You thought we forgot, didn't you? I know I'm gettin' my licks in.
Hey, asshole. Happy Birthday.
Shut the fuck up.
What'd you say about me?
Oh, Morgan.
Save it for your mother, funny guy. We heard it before.
Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin' to tell you.
I don't have a VCR at my house.
Why don't you beat off at your house?
What's up guys?
You're walkin' bitch, Will's takin' the car.
Chuck, let's go.
I'm Irish.
It's a good thing no one's Irish here.
The fuckin' Trooper was so embarrassed he didn't do anything. The fuckin' guy had been drivin' around in my Uncle's car all night lookin' for the house.
Did your Uncle get arrested?
So in the morning, there's a knock on the door it's the Statie. So my Uncle's like, "Is there a problem?" And the Statie's like "I pulled you over and you took off." And my Uncle's like "I never seen you before in my life, I been home all night with my kids." And Statie's like "Let me get in your garage!" So he's like "All right, fine." He takes around the garage and opens the door --and the Statie's cruiser is in my Uncle's garage.
Holy shit.
Yeah, he was probably drunker than my Uncle, who fuckin' knows? So the cop goes "Stay here" And he goes runnin' down the highway to deal with the other crash. So, my Uncle Marty's standin' on the side of the road for a little while, and he's so fuckin' lit, that he forgets what he's waitin' for. So he goes, "Fuck it." He gets in his car and drives home.
Some other guy?
I told you "no" yesterday!
What the fuck? I just asked you for a job yesterday!
My uncle can probably get you on my demo team.
Yah, that was different. Management was restructurin'--
You got fired from pushing a broom, you little bitch.
I'm serious Chuckie, I ain't goin'.
Morgan, Let's go.
No, why didn't you fight him at the park if you wanted to? I'm not goin' now, I'm eatin' my snack. WILL  So don't go.
Shut up.
Come on, Will...
NO SHE DIDN'T GET YOUR DOUBLE BURGER!! IT'S ALL FUCKIN' FLYIN' FISH FILET!!
Did she get my Double Burger?
I think you should establish a good line of credit.
Why you gotta be an asshole Chuckie?
Well give me your fuckin' change and we'll put your fuckin' sandwhich on lay-away.
I told you, I just got change.
How much money you got?
Yah, all right...
What do you mean "your sandwhich?" I bought it.
So why don't you give me my sandwhich?
Would you shut the fuck up! I know what you ordered, I was there!
She's not stupid.
All right Morgan, fine. I'll tell you why we're not going to "Kelly's." It's because the take-out bitch is a fuckin' idiot. I'm sorry you like her but she's dumb as a post and she has never got our order right, never once.
Morgan, I'm not goin' to "Kelly's Roast Beef" just cause you like the take-out girl. It's fifteen minutes out of our way. MORGAN What else we gonna do we can't spare fifteen minutes?
Fuck her.
What Morgan, you're not gonna go talk to her?
Fuck this, let's get something to eat...
You could put a pool in that backyard.
Yah, that is a nice ass.
And so they go around to the front of his truck...and there's another cat on the grille.
WILL!
And all the time he's apologizin' to the cat, goin' "I'm sorry." BANG, "I'm sorry." BANG!
Jesus.
--and he's like "shit! Motherfucker!" And he looks in his rearview and sees this cat-- I'm sorry--
--That isn't funny--
Come now...what do you think I am, a juvinile? You don't got any money on you right now. You think I'm gonna take a check? EXECUTIVE It's fine, John, I can cover the rest.
Will you take a check?
I have about seventy-three...
I don't think I...Larry?
Allegedly, what I am saying is your situation will be concurrently improved if I had two hundred sheets in my pocket right now.
You want us to give you cash right now?
Retainer...
Will, our offer starts you at eighty- four thousand a year, plus benefits.
--These circumstances are mitigated. Right now. They're mitigated.
I'm not sure--
There's no problem. I was just hoping you could give me some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the early colonies. My contention is that prior to the Revolutionary War the economic modalities especially of the southern colonies could most aptly be characterized as agrarian pre- capitalist and...
All right, are we gonna have a problem?
Elementary? Oh, I don't doubt that it was. I remember the class, it was just between recess and lunch.
To tell you the truth, I wasn't there much. The class was rather elementary.
Hey, I'm the last guy to want to talk about school at the bar. But as long as you're here I want to "seize" the opportunity to ask you a question.
Hey, come on pal we're in classes all day. That's one thing about Harvard never seizes to amaze me, everybody's talkin' about school all the time.
History? Just "history?" It must have been a survey course then.
Good, it was all right.
How'd you like that course?
History.
What class did you say that was?
Why shouldn't I work for the National Security Agency? That's a tough one.
That's exactly right, Will. So the question as I see it isn't "why should you work for N.S.A." it's "why shouldn't you?"
Come on, that's what you do. You handle more than eighty percent of the intelligence workload. You're seven times the size of the C.I.A.
That's one aspect of what we do.
Codebreaking.
Well, you'd be working on the cutting edge. You'd be exposed to the kind of technology you couldn't see anywhere else because we've classified it. Super string theory, Chaos Math, Advanced algorithms--
So why do you think I should work for the National Security Agency?
You don't have to be nervous, Will.
Down there.  And I'm nervous.
Where is it touching you?
It's touching me.
You're in a safe place, Will.
It's like a small figure, hoverin' over me. Gettin' closer.
What is it?
Somethin's in my room.
And what do you see?
Seven.
Okay, you're in your bed, Will. Now how old are you?
--But--
--Maker builds "K" to the "N." N is three to the K times--
The limit is not found!  The limit is not found.
No, there's a limit.
Maker can. This is not new, Gerry!
--But what he's doing, he's attaching an edge to the adjacent vertex. He can always failsafe to either side--
With a Ramses graph on the binary tree--
Alexander, I know your theory. The boy is updating, he's strategy stealing...
Well, he didn't show up for work today...
Please, I'm a professor here and it's very important.
No, no. Nothing like that. I just need his name. TERRY I can't give you his name unless you have a complaint.
Well, if something was stolen, I should know about it.
Building two.
Which one's your building?
Could you just check, because the young man who works in my building--
No students work for me.
I'm trying to find the name of a student who works here.
Yeah, can I help you?
Excuse me. Is this the buildings and grounds office?
Thank you, Will. I'll do that.
Listen, I'll be nearby so, if you need some help, or you get stuck again, don't be afraid to give me a call.
Yes.
I appreciate that.
This job... Do it if it's what you really want.
Bullshit.
I just want you to know...It's been a pleasure.
Thank you.
Sam called me. From Tri-tech. He says you start working for them next week.
I was just sayin' goodbye to Sean.
You know, you're no longer required to come here.
Hey, how you doin'?
Will.
No, that's fine, Will. I was just leaving.
I can come back.
It's a Carlton Fisk baseball card.
What are you smiling at?
So am I.  Yes. That's right, Will. Most days I wish I never met you. Because then I could sleep at night. I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge that someone like you was out there. And I wouldn't have to watch you throw it all away.
Well, I'm sorry.
Sure, then you'd have more time to sit around and get drunk. Think of how many fights you could have been in by now.
--You know how fuckin' easy this is to me? This is a joke!  And I'm sorry you can't do this. I really am. 'Cause if you could I wouldn't be forced to watch you fumble around and fuck it up.
The least you can do is show me a little appreciation.
--Maybe I don't want to spend my life sittin' around and explaining shit to people.
I'll cancel every meeting right now. I'll give you a job myself. I just wanted you to see what was out there.
Then don't set up any more meetings.
Will, on your own time, you can do what you like. When I set up a meeting, with my associates, and you don't show up it reflects poorly on me.
I couldn't go 'cause I had a date. So I sent my cheif negotiator.
Will, what happened at the Tri-tech meeting?
It's right.  Take it home with you.
That's fine, but did you ever think--
Can I ask you a favor, can we do this at Sean's from now on? 'Cause I leave work to come here and the fuckin' commute is killin' me--
I'm pretty sure it's right.
--This can't be right.  This is going to be very embarrassing. Have you ever considered--
I don't know what it's called.
This is correct. I see you used Mclullen here--
Will, this is Sean Maguire. Sean, Will Hunting.
No.
That's enough.
Okay...don't forget to get another therapist for next week.
Get out, Will.
C'mon, that guy was a fuckin' piece of work.
I told you to cooperate with these people.
Oh, come on! You're not pinnin' this one on me. He left, I wanted to talk to him for another twenty minutes. I was havin' fun.
Oh, for God's sake, Will.
Yeah, when do I get my hypnosis? You guys been talkin' for twenty minutes.
Shall we start the, uh...
An integer.
--That edge!
--Half-red, half-black--
--that?--
Half-red, half-black--
What's that?
I happen to know so.
I think so.
That would be a monumental waste of time, wouldn't it, Will?
It's an integer proof.
Okay. How?
Of course.
This rectangle is subdivided into rectangles. One edge of an inner rectangle is an integer. Can you prove that one edge of the larger rectangle is an integer?
Now, it won't be as bad as it sounds, Will.  I've already spoken to one therapist, his name is Henry Lipkin and he's a friend of mine. He's also published four books and is widely considered to be one of the brightest men in his field.  I'm sure it'll be better than spending the next six months in jail.
I'll do the work. I'm not going to meet with a therapist.
That's right.
If I agree to this, I walk right now?
That you meet with me twice a week--
What're those?
Yes. Under two conditions.
Really?
I've spoken with the judge and he's agreed to release you under my supervision.
Fuck do you want?
Hello. Gerald Lambeau, M.I.T.
Well... I'll be speaking to your supervisor.
Hey fuck you.
What's your name?  Don't you walk away from me. This is people's work, you can't graffiti here.
I'm sorry.
What're you doing?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Who proved the theorem.
Find out what?
I know. We just couldn't wait 'till Monday to find out.
It's Saturday.
I'm in your applied theories class. We're all down at the Math and Science building.
Yes.
Excuse me, Professor Lambeau?
I did.
So who won the bet?
No. LAMBEAU Okay thank you, Timmy.
How about Gerald Lambeau? Ever heard of him?
You've heard of Albert Einstein?
Yeah, cured polio.
Have you heard of Jonas Salk?
Uh-oh.
Excuse me, Timmy. Could you help us? We're trying to settle a bet.
Pleasure to meet you.
Good to meet you.
About thirty million to one.
You're pretty quick with those numbers. How about the odds of me buying the first round?
About thirty million to one.
I don't know... Gotta be at least four to one.
Sean, do you have any idea what the odds are against winning the lottery?
Sounds good.
How about one now?
You should come. I'll buy you a drink.
I got one of those too.
I got this mailer the other day. Class of Sixty-five is having this event in six months.
Do you know when you'll be back?
Never been.
Why there?
I don't know. India maybe.
Where're you going?
Yeah. Summer vacation. Thought I'd travel some. Maybe write a little bit.
So I hear you're taking some time.
Me too.
Sean...
Come in.
Hello, Sean.
He's not you!
You're wrong, Sean. I'm where I am today because I was pushed. And because I learned to push myself!
If you push him into something, if you ride him--
He won't be a failure!
I don't blame you! It's not about that! It's about the boy! 'Cause he's a good kid! And I won't see this happen to him-- I won't see you make him feel like a failure too!
That's right! You were smarter than us then and you're smarter than us now! So don't blame me for how your life turned out. It's not my fault.
--I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on!
--Is that what this is about, Sean? The Field's Medal? Do you want me to go home and get it for you? Then will you let the boy--
That's it. That's why I don't come to the goddamn reunions! Becaue I can't stand the look in your eye when you see me! You think I'm a failure! I know who I am. I'm proud of who I am. And all of you, you think I'm some kind of pity case! You with your sycophant students following you around. And you Goddamn Medal!
Yes you do. You're angry at me for doing what you could have done. Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way for the rest of his life, to feel like a failure.
--I don't have any anger at you--
--Yes you are, Sean. You resent me. And I'm not going to apologize for any success that I've had.
--I'm not angry at you--
Now don't do that. Don't you do that! Don't infect him with the idea that it's okay to quit. That it's okay to be a failure, because it's not okay! If you're angry at me for being successful, for being what you could have been--
--And who do you think he's handling? He pushes people away before they have a chance to leave him. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you try to push him into this, it's going to be the same thing all over again. And I'm not going to let that happen to him!
Oh, that's nice--
--And why does he hang out with his friends? Because any one of those kids would come in here and take a bat to your head if he asked them to. It's called loyalty!
Oh, come on, Sean--
Why is he hiding? Why is he a janitor? Why doesn't he trust anybody? Because the first thing that happened to him was that he was abandoned by the people who were supposed to love him the most!
He can handle the work, he can handle the pressure and he's obviously handled you.
Why do you think he does that, Gerry?
What problems does he have, Sean, that he is better off as a janitor or in jail or hanging around with--
He is at a fragile point. He's got problems--
He has a gift and with that gift comes responsibility. And you don't understand that he's at a fragile point--
"Undermine?"
Look Sean, I don't care if you have a rapport with the boy-- I don't care if you have a few laughs-- even at my expense! But don't you dare undermine what I'm trying to do here.
I know what I'm doing and I know why I'm here!
--Ready to falsify documents because you've given him license to walk away from this.
Hold on!
--And here I am for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake--
--Gerry--
--And confuse him--
Now wait a minute--
This is a disaster! I brought you in here to help me with this boy, not to run him out--
That's a wonderful theory, Sean. It worked wonders for you.
Is it Gerry? 'Cause I don't think it's fine with you. Give him time to figure out what he wants.
Look, you took one road and I took another. That's fine.
--Personal rivalry? I'm not getting back at you.
--No, no you hear me out, Sean. This young man is a true prodigy--
Now wait a minute, Gerry--
Sean, this is important. And it's above personal rivalry--
Maybe he doesn't care about that.
Look, I don't know what else I can say. I'm not sitting at home every night, twisting my mustache and hatching a plan to ruin the boy's life. But it's important to start early. I was doing advanced mathematics at eighteen and it still took me twenty-three years to do something worthy of a Field's medal.
Just...take it easy, Gerry.
Well, you're the only one.
I do.
You see, Sean? That's exactly not the point. No one remembers that. They--
Einstein. Had two marriages, both train-wrecks. The guy never saw his kids, one of whom, I think, ended up in an asylum--
Who?
He married his cousin.
What don't I understand?
Sean, I really don't think you understand--
That's great, Gerry, that there's interest-- But I'm not sure he's ready for that.
Cutting edge mathematics. Think tanks. The kind of place where a mind like Will's is given free reign.
Jobs doing what?
We haven't really gotten into it. LAMBEAU Maybe you should. My phone's been ringing off the hook with job offers.
Well, have you talked to him at all about his future?
I think so.
Seems like it's going well.
I been here a couple years.
You moved?
I live right around the corner.
You're here quite a bit, then.
Timmy this is Gerry, an old friend of mine. We went to college together.
Not at all.
Gerry! Any trouble finding the place?
I won't talk first.
Oh, what is this? Some kind of staring contest between two kids from the "old neighborhood?"
To show me he doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to.
Why would he do that?
No, he just sat there and counted the seconds until the session was over. It was pretty impressive, actually.
What do you mean "he didn't talk?" You sat there for an hour?
You too, Gerry.
Tom.
Would you excuse us?
It's a poker game with this young man. Don't let him see what you've got.
I'll be okay.
Any vulnerability he senses, he'll exploit.
It's on the college.
I got it.
That would be fine.
Can we do it at my office?
Just meet with the boy once a week.
Not Rick? You didn't send him to Rick?
Five.
He's from Southie? How many people did you try before you came to me?
You're from the same neighborhood. South Boston.
My kind of background?
I need someone with your kind of background.
Why me?
They worked together for the remainder of their lives, producing some of the most exciting math theory ever done. Ramanujan's genius was unparalleled, Sean. This boy is like that. But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him.
Where he contracted pneumonia and died at a young age--
--That's right, Sean. He mailed it to a professor at Cambridge who immediately recognized the brilliance in his work and brought Ramanujan to England.
And he mailed it to Hardy--
He was alive over a hundred years ago. He was Indian. Dots, not feathers...
Yeah.
Not much free time, Gerry. LAMBEAU Have you ever heard of a man named Ramanujan?
This kid's special, Sean. I've never seen anything like him.
I've been busy, Gerry. I got a full schedule.
I got your card.
I'm sorry, that damn conference--
Since Nancy died.
You were missed.  How long has it been since we've seen each other?
I've been busy.
I didn't see you at the reunion.
Is there someplace we can talk?
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
The Field's Medal is the Nobel Prize for math.  But it's only given out every four years.
Hello.
Well, it seems we're in the presence of greatness. Professor Gerald Lambeau is a Field's Medal winner. Combunatorial Mathematics. 1986.
Sean.
The boy was here. He came in, sat down and we worked together.
What should I do?
He was my roommate in college.
Who is he?
There is somebody...
What do you want to do?
What's the point?
I called Mel Weintraub this morning, to check for availability.
So what do you got, a fuckin' Hyundai engine under there? Can I make it back to my house?
Had one, now I'm fucked again.
So, you finally got a job Morgan?
Yeah, Morgan. It's a real rarity that we'd be out drinkin'.
Will, I can't believe you brought Skylar here when we're all wrecked. What's she gonna think about us?
Hold up.
There goes that fuckin' Barney right now, with his fuckin' "skiin' trip." We should'a kicked that dude's ass.
How fuckin' retarded do you have to be to get shit-canned from that job? How hard is it to push a fuckin' broom?
Yeah, Morgan. I got fired.
What happened?  You got fired, huh?
I don't got a crush on her.
Well, she out did herself today...
Let's hit "Kelly's."
I could go for a Whopper.
You guys are fuckin' sick.
It's walkin' pretty slow at this point.
You're getting defensive...Henry. And hey, cheif--tell the wife, at least. Christ, set her free.
Well, I can see this is pointless...
If you wanna hit "Ramrod," take your shot. Take some pride in it. You go to church? So fuckin' what, God loves you. I mean, Christ. A guy as well known as you? By the time you put your disguise on and skulk out of the house Sunday nights you probably look like "Inspector Cluseau."
Who is "Danny Terrio?"
Look, man. I don't care if you're putting from the rough. There are solid arguments that some of the greatest people in history were gay; Alexander the Great, Caeser, Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, Napoleon, Gertrude Stein, not to mention Danny Terrio, not many straight men can dance like that.
You're getting defensive, Will.
I'm sure you do. You probably got a real nice house, nice car -- your book's a best seller.
Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm married and I have two children.
Buddy, two seconds ago you were ready to give me a jump.
That's very presumptuous.
C'mon, I read your book. I talked to you. It's just something I know to be true.
What?
Do you find it hard to hide the fact that you're gay?
I might understand that.
Certain, clubs.  Like, Paradise. It's not bad.
What places?
I go places, I interact.
Like what, Will?
No, but, I mean you know...I do other things. That no one knows about.
Will, your not getting off that easy.
You're right. I know.
Yes. The pressures you feel, and again, I am neither labeling nor judging them, are keeping you from fulfilling your potential -- you're in a rut. So stop the Tom Foolery -- the Shenanigan's, Will.
Yeah, I read your book. "Mike" had the same problems as "Chad" the stockbroker.
--you have a quality-- something you were born with, that you have no control over- and you are, in a sense, hiding that by becoming a janitor. And I'm not saying that's wrong. I'm friends with the janitor that works in my building. He's been to my house for dinner. As a matter of fact I did some free consultation for "Mike" -- that's not his real name. That's in my book.
I could work the pit maybe, but I could never drive like Dale Ernhart--
Now you know Will, and I know, what you need to be doing. You have a gift.
That's why I love stock-car racin'. That Dale Ernhart's real good.
Good luck.
See ya.
Only if you grab my ass.
Does this violate the patient/doctor relationship?
No. Thank you.
I'm gonna travel a little bit, so I don't know where I'll be.
I'll keep in touch.
You're Welcome, Will.
I just want you to know, Sean...
We're done. You did your time. You're a free man.
Thanks you.  So, that's it? We're done?
Good for you. Congratulations.
Yeah, I think so.
That's what you want?
Over at Tri-tech. One of the jobs Professor Lambeau set me up with. I haven't told him yet, but I talked to my new boss over there and he seemed like a nice guy.
Which one did you take, Will?
I know, I know...
It's not...
I know.
It's not your fault.
Don't fuck with me.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
I know.
It's not your fault.
Oh, I know.
Cause fuck him, that's why.
The wrench, why?
I used to go with the wrench.
Gotta go with the belt there...
It sure ain't good.
Yes.
--No, have you had any experience with that?
Twenty years of counselling you see a lot of--
No.  Have you had any experience with that?
You want to read it?
You're not going to fail me are you?
Oh, this is your file. I have to send it back to the Judge with my evaluation.
Do you want to talk about it?
Look, a lot of that stuff goes back a long way.  And it's between me and him and it has nothing to do with you.
Well, I'm here.  So, is that my problem? I'm afraid of being abandoned? That was easy.
Look at me. What do you want to do?
That's right. And you fuckin' lost! And some people would have the sack to lose a big hand like that and still come back and ante up again!
I been there. I played my hand.
What?
If you won't answer my questions, you're wasting my time.
What?
You're right, Will. Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man.
Why is it a cop-out? I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick, that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car, somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that.
Nobody gets what they ask for, Will. That's a cop-out.
I didn't ask for this.
It's not about that job. I'm not saying you should work for the government. But, you could do anything you want. And there are people who work their whole lives layin' brick so their kids have a chance at the kind of opportunity you have. What do you want to do?
I didn't want the job.
Don't give me you line of shit.
Oh, what? You're going to take the professor's side on this?
That's what I'm saying, Will. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you're seeing are the negative things that might happen ten miles down the road.
Not without a heater and some serious smelling salts, no...
But you can't give back to them, Will.
Not to me, they're not.
They're all dead.
Yeah.
Someone who challenges you in every way. Who takes you places, opens things up for you. A soul-mate.
Define that.
Do you have a soul-mate?
What?
Do you think you're alone?
What did I think?
What did you think?
I guess.
Gerry says the meeting went well.
I don't know.
So you might be working for Uncle Sam.
Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run.
Would have been nice to catch that game though.
No Will, I'm not kiddin' you. If I had gone to see that game I'd be in here talkin' abouta girl I saw at a bar twenty years ago. And how I always regretted not goin' over there and talkin' to her. I don't regret the eighteen years we were married. I don't regret givin' up couseling for six years when she got sick. I don't regret being by her side for the last two years when things got real bad. And I sure as Hell don't regret missing that damn game.
You're kiddin' me.
They could see that I meant it.
"I gotta go see about a girl"? What did they say?
I just slid my ticket across the table and said "sorry fellas, I gotta go see about a girl."
I don't care if Helen of Troy walked into that bar! That's game six of the World Series!
You should have seen this girl. She lit up the room.
So wait a minute. The Red Sox haven't won a World Series since nineteen eighteen, you slept out for tickets, games gonna start in twenty minutes, in walks a girl you never seen before, and you give your ticket away?
That's right.
You missed Pudge Fisk's homerun to have a drink with a woman you had never met?
I was havin' a drink with my future wife.
Where were you?
October 21, 1975. Game six of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history, Me and my friends slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. We were sitting in a bar waiting for the game to start and in walks this girl. What a game that was. Tie game in the bottom of the tenth inning, in steps Carlton Fisk, hit a long fly ball down the left field line. Thirty-five thousand fans on their feet, screamin' at the ball to stay fair. Fisk is runnin' up the baseline, wavin' at the ball like a madman. It hits the foul pole, home run. Thirty-five thousand people went crazy. And I wasn't one of them.
When did you know she was the one?
Why? Because of the pain I feel now? I have regrets Will, but I don't regret a singel day I spent with her.
You don't regret meetin' your wife?
What? Do I wonder if I'd be better off if I never met my wife?
Do you ever wonder what your life would be like if you never met your wife?
Lon? He got married. He has a kid. I kind of lost touch with him after Nancy got sick.
What happened to that guy from Kentucky?
Yeah.
Well, I've read you colleagues. Your book was good, Sean.  All those guys were in your platoon?
I didn't write anything else 'cause nobody, including most of my colleagues bothered to read the first one.
Is that why you didn't write anything else?
I gave that up when my wife got sick.
Why not?
No, I don't.
Really? How'd the date go? WILL Do you still counsel veterans?  I read your book last night.
Well I think that's a wonderful philosophy, Sean. That way you can go through the rest of your life without having to really know anyone.
My wife's dead.
Hence, the word remarried.
My wife's dead.
You ever think about gettin' remarried?
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.
And right now you're perfect too. Maybe you don't want to ruin that.
Why? So I can realize she's not so smart. That she's boring. You don't get it. Right now she's perfect, I don't want to ruin that.
So Christ, call her up.
I know what I'm doing. She's different from the other girls I met. We have a really good time. She's smart, beautiful, fun...
Jesus Christ, you are an amateur.
Haven't called her.
Why not?
I don't know.
Well, are you going out again?
Fine.
How'd it go?
Yeah, I went on a date last week.
Yeah? You got a lady now?
I know, but the joke's better if I tell it in the first person.
You've never been on a plane.
You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin' there and the captain comes on and is like "we'll be cruising at 35,000 feet," and does his thing, then he puts the mike down but forgets to turn it off. Then he says "man, all I want right now is a blow-job and a cup of coffee." So the stewardess goes runnin' up towards the cock-pit to tell him the mike's still on, and this guy in the back of the plane goes "don't forget the coffee!"
So if I asked you about art you could give me the skinny on every art book ever written...Michelangelo? You know a lot about him I bet. Life's work, criticisms, political aspirations. But you couldn't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling. And if I asked you about women I'm sure you could give me a syllabus of your personal favorites, and maybe you've been laid a few times too. But you couldn't tell me how it feels to wake up next to a woman and be truly happy. If I asked you about war you could refer me to a bevy of fictional and non-fictional material, but you've never been in one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap and watched him draw his last breath, looking to you for help. And if I asked you about love I'd get a sonnet, but you've never looked at a woman and been truly vulnerable. Known that someone could kill you with a look. That someone could rescue you from grief. That God had put an angel on Earth just for you. And you wouldn't know how it felt to be her angel. To have the love be there for her forever. Through anything, through cancer. You wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in a hospital room for two months holding her hand and not leaving because the doctors could see in your eyes that the term "visiting hours" didn't apply to you. And you wouldn't know about real loss, because that only occurs when you lose something you love more than yourself, and you've never dared to love anything that much. I look at you and I don't see an intelligent confident man, I don't see a peer, and I don't see my equal. I see a boy. Nobody could possibly understand you, right Will? Yet you presume to know so much about me because of a painting you saw. You must know everything about me. You're an orphan, right?
No.
You've never been out of Boston.
Why thank you.
You're just a boy. You don't have the faintest idea what you're talking about.
No.
I was thinking about what you said to me the other day, about my painting. I stayed up half the night thinking about it and then something occured to me and I fell into a deep peaceful sleep and haven't thought about you since. You know what occurred to me?
So what's with this place? You have a swan fetish? Is this something you'd like to talk about?
Time's up.
If you ever disrespect my wife again...I will end you.
That's it isn't it? You married the wrong woman. She leave you? Was she bangin' someone else?
Watch your mouth.
Maybe you married the wrong woman.
Maybe you should be a patient and sit down.
Maybe what mea--
--Well, maybe that means you.
Sure, how 'bout "still waters run deep"--
You ever heard the saying, "any port in a storm?"
Oh, "Starry Night" time, huh?
I think you're one step away from cutting your ear off.
What is?
The color here, see how dark it is? It's interesting.
What does?
Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me.
Tell me what you really think.
This is a real piece of shit.
Crayons?
No.
Yeah. Do you paint?
Oh.
285.
Free weights. WILL Oh yeah? Me too. What do you bench?
Nautilus?
Yes, I do.
You're right. It really gets in the way of my jazzercizing.
Guy your age shouldn't smoke so much. Stunt your growth.
Whatever blows your hair back.
You think so?
You people baffle me. You spend all this money on beautiful, fancy books-- and they're the wrong fuckin' books.
How about Noam Chomsky's "Manufacturing Consent?"
"A History of the United States, Volume I." If you want to read a real history book, read Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States." That book will knock you on your ass.
Yeah, it did take me a long time.
That must have taken you a long time.
I did.
I'm not here for a fuckin' book report. They're your books, why don't you read 'em?
What did you think?
Yeah, I read those.
How about the ones on that shelf?
Probably not.
Have you read all these books, Will?
Did you buy all these books retail, or do you send away for like a "shrink kit" that comes with all these volumes included?
Goodbye.
Take care.
I love you, Will.  No take-backs.
Yeah.
I never cared about that.
I just wanted to call before you left.  I'm takin' all these job interviews. So I won't just be a construction worker.
You know what I want to hear? I want to hear that you don't love me. If you tell me that, then I'll leave you alone. I won't ask any questions and I won't be in your life.
Don't bullshit me! Don't fuckin' bullshit me!
I don't want to "save" you. I just want to be with you. I love you. I love you!
What, you want to come in here and save me? Is that what you want to do? Do I have a sign that says "save me" on my back?
Yes I do. Did you ever think that maybe I could help you? That maybe that's the point, that we're a team?
You don't want to hear that I got cigarettes put out on me when I was a little kid. That this isn't surgery
Yes, I do, Will.
No, you don't want to hear that.
Yes, Will. I didn't even know that?
Oh, is that what this is about? You want to hear that I don't really have any brothers? That I'm a fuckin' orphan? Is that what you want to hear?
What about your twelve brothers?
I'm not honest?
You're afraid of me. You're afraid that I won't love you back. And guess what? I'm afraid too. But at least I have the balls to it give it a shot. At least I'm honest with you.
What the fuck am I afraid of?!
Fuck you! You think I want this? That money's a burden to me. Every day I wake up and I wish I could give that back. I'd give everything I have back to spend one more day with my father. But that's life. And I deal with it. So don't put that shit on me. You're the one that's afraid.
At least you have a mother.
I inherited that money when I was thirteen, when my father died.
--some prick from Stanford that your parents will approve of. Then you'll sit around with the rest of the upper crust kids and talk about how you went slummin' too.
Is that what you think--
--Don't tell me about my world. You're the one that's afraid. You just want to have your little fling with the guy from the other side of town and marry--
Well, what aren't you scared of? You live in your safe little world where nobody challenges you and you're scared shitless to do anything else--
What am I scared of?
Why won't you come with me? What are you so scared of?
What do you mean "What am I afraid of?"
Then what are you afraid of?
I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you.
Look, Will if you're not in love with me, you can say that.
One, because I have a job here and two because I live here--
Why not?
I can't go out to California.
"Take-back?" What is that? I don't want a take-back. I want you to come to California with me.
'Cause that's a serious thing you're sayin'. I mean, we might be in California next week and you could find out somethin' about me that you don't like. And you might feel like "hey this is a big mistake."  But you can't take it back, 'cause you know it's real serious and you can't take somethin' like that back. Now I'm in California, 'cause you asked me to come. But you don't really want me there. And I'm stuck in California with someone who really doesn't want me there and just wishes they had a take-back.
Yeah, I'm sure.
And you're sure about that?
I don't know. I just feel it.
Yeah, but how do you know?
I know. I just do.
How do you know that?
I want you to come with me.
What?
Come with me to California.
No.
Will? Are you awake?
--When it came to stuff like that I could always just play.
--But you can do my O-chem lab in under an hour, you can--
Not a lick. I look at a piano and I see black and white keys, three pedals and a box of wood. Beethoven, Mozart, they looked at it and it just made sense to them. They saw a piano and they could play. I couldn't paint you a picture, I probably can't hit the ball out of Fenway Park and I can't play the piano--
So, do you play the piano?
Well all right, Beethoven. He looked at a piano and saw music. The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy. They had to turn him around to take a bow because he couldn't hear the crowd going crazy behind him. Stone deaf. He saw all of that music in his head.
I see "Hot Cross Buns," but okay.
I'm trying to explain it to you. So you play the piano. When you look at the keys, you see music, you see Mozart.
Come one Will. I just want to know.
Do you play the piano?
Yeah. Someone like you who divides his time, fairly evenly, between the batting cages and bars.
Like me?
Nobody does organic chemistry for "fun." It's unnecessary. Especially for someone like you.
I guess so.
Just for fun?
Some, a little.
Have you ever studied Organic Chemistry?
I guess. I don't know. How do you remember your phone number?
All right, Mr. Nosey Parker. Let me ask you a question? Do you have a photographic memory?
Instead you're going to bust your ass for five years so you can be broke? SKYLAR No, so I can be a doctor.
Rich? I have an inheritance. It's two handred and fifty thousand dollars. That's exactly what it'll cost me, minus about five hundred bucks, to go all the way through med school. This is what I'm doing with that money. I could have done anything I wanted. I could have expanded my wardrobe, substantially.
You're rich. What do you have to worry about?
Clearly.
Why is it important to you? If I inherited all that money, the only thing important to me would be workin' on my swing.
It's important that I learn this.
C'mon, give me a peek and we'll go to the battin' cages.
No.
Want me to take a look?
Fine.
How's it goin'?
Not tonight.
I thought you said you'd show me your place.
Then on behalf of my weiner, I'd like to ask for an advance.
You men are shameful. If you're not thinking of your weiner then you're acting on its behalf.
I'd say...  It's only four in the mornin', they're prob'ly up.
What if I said I wouldn't sleep with you again until you let me meet your friends?
Sometime. I don't know. Next week.
When?
All right, all right. We'll go.
Is it me you're hiding from them or the other way around?
Aah, it's kind of a hike.
I think I can make it to South Boston.
They don't come over here that much.
What about your friends? Or your brothers? When do I get to meet them?
Exactly.
I've never seen your place.
'Cause it's nicer than my place.
Why do we always stay here?
Then let's go have some fun.
No.
You're not going into surgery tomorrow are you?
I'm supposed to understand this.
Didn't your mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse n the mouth?
How the hell did you do that?
I couldn't wait till tomorrow.
If you bring the caramels.
Promise?
You should have called. I have an "O- chem" lab due tomorrow and it's impossible.  It's not an excuse dummy. I want to go out with you. But look:
Sorry. I'm sorry. Give me another crack at it. Let me take you out.
You were busy? You know, I really was waiting for you to call me.
I'm sorry, I been real busy.
Where have you been?
We'll do that.
I want to meet them.
All the time. We all live in Southie. I live with three of them now.
Do you keep in touch with them?
Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian.
Well...
'Course I do, they're my brothers.
Do you know all their names?
It was great. There was always someone to play with, give you advice.
Your house must have been a zoo.
I swear to God.
Bullshit.
Yup, you're lookin' at lucky thirteen.
Not a chance.
I have twelve big brothers.
What, five?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
How many?
Well, Irish Catholic. What do you think?
Yeah.
Do I have a lot of brothers and sisters?
You have a lot of brothers and sisters?
You know, nothing special.
I bet you have a great family.
Pretty boring, I guess.
How was that?
Not far from here, South Boston.
You grew up around here?
Hey, I spent all my money on those caramels.
Free?
Then why don't we just get it out of the way.
No...I was hoping to get a kiss.
Oh, you will?
I was kinda' hopin' to get a "good night laid" but...I'll take a kiss.
Yes you were.
No I wasn't...
Yes you have. You were thinking you were gonna get a good night kiss.
No I haven't...
You know what I mean. I know you've at least thought about it.
I really don't 'date' that much.
Well, there's this part of the movie that's about how there's always this tension on a first date where both people are thinking about what's going to happen with the whole 'good night kiss' thing.
No.
Have you ever seen Annie Hall?
Okay...
Now, I'm gonna make all these caramels disappear.
Sure.
In that case, fine.  Want to see my magic trick?
Well, I'm gonna experiment on you for my anatomy class, then go.
So you just want to use me and go?
Stanford. I'm leaving in June after I graduate.
Is Harvard gettin' all that money?
I was happy to pay. I inherited the money.
I bet your parents were happy to pay.
I don't know, it was just kind of the boring suburban thing. Private school, Harvard, and now Med. School.  I actually figured out that at the end of it, my brain will be worth a quarter of a million dollars. I shouldn't have told you that...
You aren't, by any chance, Pre-law? Are you?
Sounds good, where are you now?
Yeah, I figured maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramels.
Oh Will! I was wondering when you'd call.
Okay, you got me. It's the ugly, obnoxious, toothless loser who got drunk and wouldn't leave you alone all night.
I'm sorry, I don't recall meeting anyone who fits that description.
It's Will, the really funny good looking guy you met at the bar?
Yeah?
The caramel thing is my pick-up line.
See, it's my life story. Five more minutes and I would have got to hear your best pick-up line.
I was trying to be smooth.  But at twelve-fifteen I was gonna come over there and talk to you.
What?
Five minutes.
Okay, sounds good.
When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee.
What?
Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels.
Here's my number.
I didn't mean you. Listen, maybe...
Well, look, I have to go. Gotta' get up early and waste some more money on my overpriced education.
I kind of got that impression.
Skylar. And by the way. That guy over there is a real dick and I just wanted you to know he didn't come with us.
I'm Will.
I've been sitting over there for forty- five minutes waiting for you to come talk to me. But I'm just tired now and I have to go home and I wasn't going to keep sitting there waiting for you.
What?
You suck.
