Maybe I wasn't responsible for the car accident...
Trevor things like this happen to people who experience temporary memory loss. Everybody does things they regret. You just couldn't remember doing these things and now you are so it's a shock to the system. I'm telling you. You will never get better if you keep blaming yourself for your wife's death.
Allison I think I did some very, very bad things. I mean very bad.
Just get better okay?
Why didn't you tell me sooner? I would have switched doctors!
No you don't understand. That's why I've been fighting to get you better. So you wouldn't be a patient anymore.
I understand... I won't-
If it makes you feel better that took every ounce of self control I had. Trevor, I never date patients.
Sorry.
What was it?
No. But at one point you did repeat something though. A phrase. You must have been having this recurring dream, you just kept saying this one thing over and over
Did I ever talk about Kirsty?
No.
Did I ever talk about the accident?
Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming. So practically everything say is going to sound strange.
Well?
Sure plenty of times.
No. She just would have loved it up here... Allison when I was under... did I ever talk?
Don't tell me. Kirsty used to smoke?
Oh I knew about the chairs already. This is where the emphysema patients come to sneak cigarettes.
Lucky for us these chairs happened to be here.
I did more then that.
You were unfaithful, it sounds like your confessing.
Yeah. It's like I was a different guy then I am today. I can't remember that guy. I see these women, they think I'm someone else, and I'm not that guy anymore. I'm not sure who Kristy knew.
I understand, I think. Other women?
We startred off to be. She was, I guess I was. I just sort of....butchered up the relationship somehow.  Bad choice of words.
You just made that up.
Pitbull attacks.
Eighty third most common.
Skin cancer.
Second most common?
Please. Heart attack. That was easy street.
Okay Mr. Statistics I've got one for you. What's the most common cause of death for adults over the age of eighteen?
Millions of people around the world get on busses every day. When was the last time you heard of anybody anywhere dying on a public transit bus?
Okay so... what's the safest place?
I've got numbers to back me up. Over the course of one year more Americans die in car accidents than did during the entire span of World War II.
Bull...
It's inside a moving car.
I'm stumped.
Hint. It's not a geographical location.
All finished.
So, I'm done. Thats it for today?
I know, my bedside manner's horrendous.
The way you just looked at me...
Of course, yes.
Some call it resilience. Others, stupidity.
You're one tough cookie, Trevor Gooding. You keep coming back to your corner for a quick fix up then go right back out into the ring for another round.
I'm all over it.
Allison we have GOT to talk about this medication you've got me on.
Well Trevor? What have you got to say for yourself? Que pasa?
I miss her. I miss my wife.
Shh. Don't blame yourself Trevor. Please.
If they're blocked memories... I'm starting to realize the reason why I blocked them out. Allison I think I really... screwed everything up.
Well that's not necessarily a bad thing is it?
These hallucinations I'm having. I think they're more like memories coming back to me in a strange way.
You need to get better first Trevor. Way better.  It's okay to miss somebody. It's okay to still love someone after they're gone. But you've got to quit blaming yourself okay...? Okay?
No I need to remember. Look whatever it is take me off it. I can handle pain. I can't handle not knowing...
Easy there Trevor. You need to relax.
Allison? Why can't remember what happened to my wife? Is it something I'm on that's... that's making me forget?
No wisdom, no insight, no plan.
Your insight is enlightening.
That `poor me' attitude doesn't suit you Trevor. Listen, I don't mean to sound like Pollyanna but things could be worse. There's one good thing about coming so near to the end of ones life. Everything is new and exciting, like your seeing it for the first time. You might see things a litlle differently from now on.
Let me see. Oh yeah. My head feels like it's going through a meat grinder. I'm not sure if I'm dreaming or...
Well? What do you say Trevor? Que pasa?
You came in for your EEG. You fell asleep and well, I took the liberty of...I'm sorry. You looked like a wreck Trevor.
What's happening to me? What are you doing?
Your wife...?
Where's Kirsty? Where's my wife?
It's the morphine Trevor. You're on so much of it, you could be asleep and dreaming even with your eyes wide open.
What just happened to me anyway? It looked like a dream but it felt like reality.
Still hallucinating as well. Hmm...
Are you a dream too?
I followed her Trevor. I got to know her life. And what a boring one it was. Six a.m. gym, nine a.m. trendy coffee shop, noon bookstore, one soap operas, four o'clock news, five wait for Trevor to come home. And wait and wait and wait. Nine o'clock get ready for bed. 
Bret you are making no sense whatsoever.
We were gonna be millionaires you said. Nobody'd suspect a thing. I had never even met her. No connection. Then you went and had that fucking car accident.
Bret. What the hell is going on?
Tonight was supposed to be the night, Trevor. Remember? I couldn't believe you went through five dart games and didn't even joke about it.
Bret... what the fuck...?
Someone special.
Yeah? You and who else?
Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there.
So you're just packing it up just like that?
As much as he feels like. Its a much more pleasurable line of work.
How much time off?
I've got a better offer. More time off. A sort of career shift, more in the engineering line of work.
I quit. Today's my last day.
What's the occasion?
Hey if you're not doing anything I'd like to buy you a beer after work. Be just like old times.
Serious as a heart attack my friend. I think she literally fucked me brains out.
You were supposed to have a date with Gwen last night? GWEN DEARDON? The supervisor?
I crap you not. She was all over me yesterday in the break room. And she was a total machine last night too.
GWEN?
Gwen.
Really? Do tell.
I have my connections
Yeah, how's that?
The boss won't notice me doing a bad job because I'm not. Even if the boss thought I was slacking I'd know right away.
Getting paid for doing shit.
What?
Must be nice.
Look never mind. Just get some numbers going- any numbers at all will due. The hills have eyes remember?
Since what?
Hospital? You haven't been to the hospital since uh...
Give me a break. I checked back into the hospital- amongst other things.
Dude there is a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom. It was made by your ass. You've been dragging it all fucking week. What happened to you yesterday?
Hey Bret. Christ, my head feels like a split coconut.
Trevor what is the metric probability of you getting any work done at all today?
Allison Dormere. Your intern.
Who's Allison?
Where's Allison?
Why don't you relax for the next couple of hours? Barring any relapses you should be able to go home after that.
Take no offense Trevor. I see many patients a day and have an awful memory.
I've been in here before.
Have we met?
Ambrose. I know.
Hello I'm Dr...
What's that?
Now I want you to tell me what you remember happening- in your own words- exactly the way you told Detective Lange. But this time I want you to make one small adjustment.
How many zeros was your wife worth?
As in one minus one equals zero yes. Where are you going with this?
Zero's a number right?
You could say that.
I saw her drowning inside the car, detective.
Last time anybody saw this woman she was alive. You seem to certain she's dead.
What's the difference?
No. No you said HER BODY's been missing.
I said she's been missing for-
What did you just say?
Do I really want to know what you're talking about?
Our little toy. You usually have it up and running by now.
What?
Good boy.  Where's is it?
No, making another woman compete with someone who's been dead eight months. That's cold.
That was cold...
Oh I see. That again. Trevor? I realize it must be hard. But Christ how long does it take someone to move on?
Gwen, my wife's dead.
YOU'RE giving ME a speeding ticket? Mr. Mario Andretti himself?
And it shows. Least it did last night at the quarry. In a big way.
Nothing, look. Gwen I really like you-
What's wrong, Trev?
How do you think you got this job, cock?  Mmm. I'm still tingling all over from our little midnight swim.
Please, Gwen. You're- you're all over me.
Get back here, junior bean counter. This is your supervisor speaking.
Sorry I just kind of... spaced for a second there.
Come on speak up, Gooding, I'm trying to run a business here. I can't have people flipping out in the break room when they should be slaving away at their desks.
It's perfect.
Trevor I've decided we have got to agree on a name before we reach my mother's. This poor kid's going to be starting preschool as student x if we don't make up our minds. So, I've been thinking, what about Daisy?
Yes. Now go back to sleep. You're driving the rest of the way to gramma's remember?
You're alive...
It's okay it was just a nightmare that's all.
Kirsty... Kirsty?
For me? Trevor! How romantic! Come here, you.
Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Gooding.
I only married you for your body.
Really, why's that?
And besides, I thought, to hell with it... it's okay if you only married me for my money.
There is no wisdom, no insight, no plan 
But you had more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet
Really? Why?
Never to put you in my will.
What?
You know what the family lawyer told me one our wedding day?
Enjoyable too. The merger never even felt work for one second.
The best business decision if you ever made I'll bet.
In a word? Lucrative.
How does feel to be Mr. Kirsty Hughes for a whole year.
This isn't happening.
OH MY GOD TREVOR! It hurts!!  oh my God, Oh my God. Trevor, It's coming out.
THE BABY IS COMING OUT! I CAN FEEL IT! SONOFABITCH IT HURTS!! AAAGGGGHHH!!!
What?
Oh my God. It's coming out.
Roughly two thirds of married men who cheat start during the eighth month of their wives' first pregnancy.
Yes I had a quickie with the neighbor during your last contraction.
You've been cheating on me haven't you?
Just concentrate on the task at hand please. Listen to me. You should be giving ME this lecture.
I'm... I'm doing a very special thing here. And you can't even ... respond?
What isn't wrong? Why are you doing this anyway?
If what I've heard is true this could be the last time for a long long time. Besides we've got a whole seven minutes before the next one. Clock's ticking. Tick-tock...
But... I thought...
You win! Okay pull over.
Eighty four.
Uh... eighty two?
Five hundred ninety two thousand seven hundred and four.
Shut up and play darling. Your turn.
Twenty one. Why do we have to do this now Kirsty?
That's right Trevor. The timing was impeccable wasn't it? It's been eight months two weeks and three days but we finally found the body. Just need you to ID it for us.
Morgue...?
We're all here for you Trevor.
Thanks.
The whackjob in the black lipstick who lives down the hall? She wanted you arrested for harassment. I told her to chill out and smoke a joint. I'd look the other way as long as she did you know?
What?
Sorry to take up your time like that Trevor. Don't work too hard. Oh, before I forget. I talked your neighbor out of pressing charges.
Where is she? Where is my wife?
You and your wife were playing a game shortly before you got into that car accident weren't you?
I'll just stay out of this conversation until you come out and tell me why you've disrupted me at work.
I thought you loved games.
No please make yourself at home.
Sorry I'm in your seat aren't I?
I did read that, yes.  What hospital were you going to? I mean the Lodovico Street Bridge isn't exactly on the way to Mercy General.
It should all in the report. I told you guys everything. She was giving birth in the fucking car. She grabbed the wheel and I lost control.
For one thing there were no skid marks on that bridge, the tires were all intact, from what we could tell, nothing wrong internally with the vehicle either. Like the car had been driven off the bridge intentionally.
What evidence?
Okay then. Here's the scoop.
Where's my wife?
Thanks for coming down Mr. Gooding. Has your head healed okay by now?
Thanks for your concern Larry. And fuck you too.
Pardon my glibness Trevor but you sound like a raving lunatic. The next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type. You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse.
Hello? City? Cops? It's a fucking conspiracy!
Seeing you were her sole benefactor, and I'm the executive of the will, Kirsty's entire estate would have to be donated to the city.
Please Larry. Pretend you like me and humor me.
Well they'd have to prove it in a court of law for one thing-
What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder?
How much do I stand to inherit if Kirsty is presumed dead?
And as far as hiding a body goes? I find it hard to believe even the dirtiest of cops would keep a victim's remains hidden simply to get someone to confess. It's absolutely preposterous. Now I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm....ambiguous. There's quite alot of money behind all this.
Hey ninety five point three percent of all murders are committed by either a spouse, a direct relative or a close friend that's common knowledge. But this wasn't murder it was an accident-
Trevor barring the more outrageous aspects of your claim you are not the only widower the police have questioned when foul play is suspected.
I swear these guys are like playing mindgames with me. I think they got a hold of my e-mail address at work too.
A little? Try unbelievably.
Look Larry I know you never thought too much of me. And I know this all sounds a little fucked up.
Who the hell are you talking to?
What do you want?!
Hey buddy!
... but I'm starting to think I was... I was going to...
Hey buddy!
Music to my ears.
I don't work here.
Least let me finish will ya? Got one puff left.
Wow you are out of it.  
You mean... when the car went off the bridge?
Can you follow them?
Two.
Okay how many fingers am I holding up?
We're just gonna take some blood here.
Ambulance.
Do you know where you are?
You probably don't remember the night we played. Your first year as husband and wife.
What's under that sheet...?
Use your mind for something other than numbers dear Trevor. Think about people for a change. People other than yourself. Like the women you slept with behind your wife's back. You were always so confident you had covered your tracks. Always confident your wife actually believed your fervent denials? Part of you must have known she would find out.
I don't know who you are or what you want. I just want to know what's under that sheet...
How is our little student doing? Has he learned his lesson yet?
I hear everything. And soon you will know everything. More than you ever wanted I can guarantee that. But I want you to think for a minute first. Think about all you've seen. All the clues you've been given.
This game is over do you hear me?
Poor Trevor.
Shh. It's okay son. There is but one truth. One thing you can be absolutely sure of. And that thing is this:
But that's what I need. To be sure... to be absolutely sure...
All you've got is the here and the now Trevor. That's all anyone really has. Maybe this will make things easier to understand. A man goes to sleep every night and has recurring dream that he's a butterfly. In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man. And at the end of the day does it even matter? All these events you're describing. How can you be sure any of them really happened?
But I saw these women. I saw their mutilated bodies. I saw their ghosts. I just know it happened I can feel it...
Wow. Let's see. So many sins so little time. For starters I was responsible for the death my wife who by the way was carrying my unborn child. That was so I could collect her eight million dollar estate. I think I killed several women I was having mindless sex with behind her back.
What things do you think you've done?
I don't know what I'm doing here. I'm not even Catholic. I just had to tell somebody. It's like, ever since my wife died I don't know what I've actually done or what I've imagined. But I do know if one tenth of what's happening to me is reality... I've done some really awful things in my life. Things that I've... I guess I've blocked out...
Surrender yourself... surrender yourself...
Wait... what the hell is this...
I surrender...
Are you ready?
You can trust me. Your wife is dead and you need to move past that. And the only way to move past something completely is to go straight through it, not around it. Surrender yourself to your wife's death. Let it chew you up and spit you back out on the other side. It's the only way you can become whole again.
I don't even know what's real and what isn't how can I trust anyone?
It was an analogy. Your soul is locked up inside you. You need to free it Trevor. You've blocked it from the healing process. That's what we need to do now. Heal your soul. And to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt. Do you know what I mean by giving in? It's about trust. Do you trust me implicitly?
Look, whatever your Marharagi, told you, forget. You've got to get this fuckin pain to stop.
My teacher told me once there's a puncture point on your body that can lock your soul within it, even after you're dead. So that when you die you're trapped inside your body, watching it corrode for all eternity.
Jeez it's getting awful crowded in there.
Trevor your body has been completely healed. All the nerve endings have repaired themselves. If there is any pain in your head it's... in your head.
You should always listen to your subconscious. It's trying to tell you something about your waking life.
I was going to say dimensions. But I guess technically they are dreams.
Dreams?
WHAT?!
Come on, quit fucking around. Listen it's about... what we did together last night.
Hey you're the guy from down the hall.
I... think we need to talk, there's something really strange going on...
Whoa, I have serious space issues, dude. What do you want?
Well now there's a compliment.
Tawny I think I'm going to be sick.
It's getting hot in here.
You must have been very proud of yourselves...
If you ever smelled this coming from our dorm room, you knew one of us was in there getting laid.
For starters. It's also got fennel, asparagus, olives, some more of mother nature's aphrodisiacs... Back in college, me and my roommates used to call it hard- on stew.
Wow. That's good. Lots of capers, huh?
God. Sometimes you can be such an animal. Other times you are the ultimate tease...
I've never said this to a woman before but can't we talk a little bit before grabbing at each other?
I'm kinda feeling nuts myself!
Really?
I'm, uh, not sure... Feeling kind of weird actually.
You okay?
YOU!
Tawny? What's- what are you doing?
You.
Uh... sure, Tawny... what?
Hey. Can I borrow something?
Hey even if it is more power to ya.  Alrighty then. Have a good time.
It's not that kind of date.
The car accident? Any of this ringing a bell?
Last week...
What do you mean?
Whew. You bounce right back don't you?
-Tawny.
No, thanks I've got a... a date tonight-
... knock on my door, I'm a total insomniac.
