Okay: this may sound crazy, but --
And how the hell are we going to do that?
But they didn't see it happen, they still have doubts. What we need is another body, and Steven's bloody hands right next to it!
How much more do they need than your death at his hands?
-- but nobody has yet, Donald. They just haven't been brought to that breaking point. They have to believe proof-positive that their lives are in danger.
It's not, baby. Just a matter of minutes now, before somebody pulls the trigger --
-- the whole thing is falling apart!
-- bullshit --
-- there's plenty: for all we know, Steven's got her spying on us right now --
-- Price killed her, there's no other explanation --
So we don't even know if she's alive or dead --
Not yet.
-- there's already been way too many complications for a very simple plan. You ever find out what happened to Melissa Marr?
It's complicated. But don't worry --
So what stopped her?
-- or might turn out to be -- very big surprise -- that Jenzen girl. The little bitch has the right stuff. She nearly put a bullet in Price right after your "demise."
-- the James Dean wannabe with the hair trigger --
"But you didn't, Ma'am. We have all these witnesses that saw..." well, whoever it ends up being that finally shoots him --
-- "oh, no, Officer, I'm very much alive -- just a joke to beat my husband at his own clever game -- What? What do you mean he's dead? It's all my fault, I may as well have killed him myself!"
Still alive, but it's just a matter of time. And then will come your miraculous resurrection --
And what's Steven's status?
Convinced all those that needed convincing: you're an official dead lady.
You're the Doctor, sweetheart. 'Guess the atropine worked, then.
Easy. You've got to keep still for a bit, the last thing we need is a coronary.
No need for divorce and that messy division-of-assets thing when they kick before you do.
I'm confused.
Oh, he's got no problem with that: I'm his fourth.
Not too big on it myself -- but then again, not on marriage either.
We'd've been splitsville years ago, with me the richest single woman in recorded history -- but Steven doesn't "believe" in divorce.
If that's the fact, Price, okay, you've had your fun -- now open the goddamn --
Take a bow, Steven, you've outdone yourself tonight -- scared holy hell out of even me.
If you don't calm the hell down I'm gonna strap you in for electro-shock!
Oh dear.
Jesus H. Christ!
It was on my Dad's list of "things to do." But the House did him first.
Why in God's name wasn't this thing removed years ago??
Problem? No problem -- just want to get my money and get on home -- you know, things to see, people to do?
Pritchett, take it down a couple hundred decibels, what is your problem?
Mr. Price? Mrs. Price? Somebody? Hello??
I'm moved beyond words.
Part of the original structure. When it was still an asylum. Guy who ran the place -- Dr. Vannacutt -- found it "inspirational." From some German cathedral a million years ago: "Driving the Demons From the Mind."
Not at all!
More of Price's spook-house bullshit.
Name's Pritchett. Watson Pritchett. I own the house, my father built it. And now I just need to get you into it. So...
If you don't mind me asking... Who are you?
C'mon.
Don't think it'll be a problem.
-- the "Saturation Chamber." Where he wanted to put me.
Now what do we do? We've got to hold him somewhere 'til the police --
No. I'm going back to try and find Ms. Marr. If she's hurt, I'll tend to her. Dead, then I'm coming back for him.
More the merrier.
Yeah...something.
Something just must've...frightened her, that's all.
-- uh, excuse me, just one quick question? How long before this damn thing unseals itself?
Oh, for chrissake --
More to the point. Where's our host?
Looks like we're it.
I think one of you has been part and parcel of making this situation!
If there really is someone else in this house, I think the four of us can handle the situation.
Didn't catch his or her name, just followed them down here. Somebody all in white surgical gown.
Oh, really: who?
Running all the bells and whistles we set up to scare hell out of everybody --
-- what was he doing here?
Upstairs, too. Come with me, I'll show you another body, a friend of mine named Schecter --
-- she's not dead! Just have to get her heart pumping aqain!
I'm sorry --
I don't know!!
Where is it??
Can't imagine by who. I don't suppose the truth would interest you: that I've never had another wife but Evelyn.
Accidents. Fatal. Each of your prior wives, so we've been informed.
Excuse me?
Three times, to be exact.
Even if I were inclined, I've had better -- and a lot safer -- opportunities to kill off a wife.
Is she alright?
What?
Ms. Marr!
Melissa!
Well, until that's found, I think it's a good idea we all stick together.  Or wouldn't that fit into your plans, baby?
There must be some other way out.
-- I'm sure you did.
I got an engraved -- literally -- invitation -- with my name --
You're not my list.
Donald W. Blackburn, M.D.
Just for the record: what are the rest of your names?
A very, very scary game. But then look at the bright side: if there's only one of you still upright at dawn, you'll be leaving here with five million dollars in your pocket.
What are you playing here, Price?
You sure? You'll be alright by yourself?
I'll stay, if it'll ease your mind.
Shouldn't somebody like, stand guard or something -- just in case?
And I think that's case --
-- I did: down here.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, what the hell, I'll go.
-- fuck you!
Put it this way: if it's your face on that tape, Mr. Moses, we're one gunshot away from solving all our problems --
If this is someone's idea of a joke --
This thing's going nowhere.
As a tumor.
Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.
Over here!
Pritchett!
Up here --
Pritchett, is that you?
Me? You've gotta be kidding.
If you know where it is, get there!
It's not going to let us out!
Hail Mary, full of grace -- the house is growing!
Okay -- I'll admit it: I'm totally, clinically insane. But I'm still the only one who actually got a check tonight. It's yours -- if you just get me the hell out of here now.
What?
Uhhhh...
Poor Mr. Price --
Oh. Jesus.
What's life, anyway? Waves...? Sound...? Light...? Electricity...? I don't know... Phone lines...?
How's a goddamn building gonna send out invitations?
Price didn't make the guest list... The house did. It wants vengeance.
Shit, Pritchett!!!
The...Fourth of July.
What's down there?
Yes.
-- of this place, goddamnit, Pritchett!
Left, goddamnit!
Hey! Where'd you guys go?
Did it work?
New wrinkle on an old theory for treating schizophrenia. 19th Century, I think: what would drive a sane man mad should make a madman sane. The Vannacutt version was: bombard the patient with aural and visual stimuli far more frightening than any hallucination they could ever produce, it'd traumatize 'em back to "normalcy."
Hell NO!! The House will kill ya!
So you're saying as long as that door stays locked, we're okay?
The Soul of the House. Everything that's corrupt about it... My father trapped it in there just before he died. You see, he purchased the house to restore it... We were going to live here... Nothing can live here. I was just a kid... The first time I saw it, I thought it was beautiful... It was just a dark mist turning into the corner of the room... then it started to move... then death started to happen... First the workers.. six in all... then my father...
What is it? What's in there?
Nothing.
What's in there?
-- but I imagine we'll all be mutilated beyond recognition by then.
-- well, let's hear it for small miracles --
A cleaning crew's supposed to arrive at 9:30 tomorrow morning -- I think the power of the house fades at dawn.
So, what? You're saying we're stuck here the rest of our lives?
I lied. The House is alive and we're all gonna die.
You said that was an accident.
You'll never know 'til you walk through that door!
You're totally full of shit, aren't you?
Nonsense! Just bad press. All the deaths that occurred inside -- my own father's included -- all perfectly normal fatal accidents.
'Less the place really is haunted.
I'm just the Greeter -- and in that capacity, I now urge you all strongly to --
I wanna know first: to what do I owe this honor? I mean, I never even heard of this guy.
Pritchett, you're not joining this necktie party?
-- closed.
-- yeah, we did that --
-- the stained glass --
Adrenaline -- in your bag, Blackburn, you must have --
Oh, Jesus....
Prove it how?
Prove it.
Married. Once. Same woman. All these years. She just slithered up the stairs.
Best of a nightmare.
Evelyn, could you just zip it for a moment? It looks like we're stuck here 'til morning -- let's make the best of it.
Take the gun.
I'll meet you down there.
Yeah. But, hey, anybody who's not "comfortable" with the rules, you're free to walk, anytime. Seven digits poorer, goes without saying.
This is nuts.
The second the sun hits tomorrow morning. Assuming you have stayed the entire night - and you're still alive, of course. Any other questions?
And we get this money when?
Right here, Mr. Pritchett. As well as five other bona fide, bank drafts for one million dollars each. Made out to cash.
Jesus!
What?
I don't do groups.
Better put it on hold 'til we find Pritchett.
Yeah. And under other abnormal circumstances, I think this would be the time to seriously jump your bones.
You okay?
What --
Run.
Where did it go?
All the plates sealing the windows and doors -- there's got to be some way of raising them manually. They didn't just appear out of thin air -- there's got to be pulleys, cables or something, that make them go up and down.
It's succeeding!
No. It's just trying to frighten us.
For chrissake give me a hand!
The opening's still too small, we'll never get through!
-- was that??
What --
We're safe?
Don't think it's even an issue.
He's dead...?
It's okay, everything's okay now.
He's gotta still be down here.
Price!!
It'll have to do.
This is the best we're gonna do.
What about that other guy?
That's crazy!
Or an on-line computer.
Everyone that was invited is related to one of the staff who was here when the place burned. There are five of us...
Wait a minute... What are you saying?
Holy shit! Now we know how the guest list was made up. Look, these names... Head Nurse, Ruth-Ann Stockard... Bjorn Jensen, Electro Therapy... Jasper Marr, Thomas Steven Price... They're all here!
Better living through electricity.
Cheery looking bunch.
Maybe there are notes or drawings of this place, showing how those plates work.
What are you looking for?
Let's try down here...
Good point.
Back where?
I think we should have taken a right back there.
-- listen to the man --
-- you lose either way, Price --
-- where the hell were you?
-- that's the fact, bud --
I was upstairs with Eddie --
You're starting to sound like Pritchett.
-- not a chance -- there's too much weirdness down there I don't think even bullets are gonna stop.
-- no. The basement -- the room with all the controls to this thing: big long iron levers just lying there --
No prob: I'll just hop down the hardware store --
It's a thousand years old -- we just need a crowbar or something to get leverage -- the sucker'll pop!
Sure, with three days and a blowtorch.
We can do it...
No -- keep pulling, it's moving!
You hear somebody?
And then where are we?
An answer, I hope: exactly what -- or who -- Melissa was taping.
What the hell good is fixing that gonna get us?
Hey, if everybody's gonna kill each other, could you do it in another room? I'm trying to get something accomplished here.
How you gonna manage that with a new blow-hole in your dome?
No...not air --
Well, she went somewhere! She didn't just up and disappear into thin air!
Not in the movie biz. So, c'mon, gimme the truth.
There's always exceptions.
Most of my business is making deliveries to high rollers. And I have yet to meet one Executive who could tie their own shoes -- let alone rewire an entire house. You don't fit the bill -- not even close.
Why not?
I don't think so...
I told you already: Jennifer Jenzen, Executive V.P. of --
Start with the name you were born with, and we'll work forward from there.
What? Deep down inside?
You need to get out more.
Most fun I've had all day.
Thanks.
This whole place can't be wired to just one circuit --
Why?
Three steps forward -- I want to get up there.
Don't push it.
I'm better than that.
And you're not really as large and useless as you seem.
I thought she was dead. For sure.
Is she...alright?
How'd you make your guest list, Price: throw darts at a phone book?
Then what the hell are we doing here?
Eddie Moses, Communications Attache -- which translated from ancient bullshit means: I work for a Messenger service.
Melissa Margaret Marr, Celebrity.
I hope not.
So, what? The thing with the glass? Price did that?
Cheer up: before the night's through, I'm sure one of us'll get hacked to pieces by somebody or something.
...birds. Just seagulls or something walking on the glass, goddammit.
The guy whose hair I do has his own TV show. All I've got is a blow-dryer and a dream.
You've got your own TV show?
I knew this whole place'd be pure gold! Pritchett, point me in the direction of the goddamn ghosts! If I can get something bizarre enough on tape, I think I can parlay it into getting me some kind'a Robert Stack "Unsolved Most- Wacked-Out Home Videos" gig. No more five afternoons a week of sex-change- Nazis-and-the-lesbos-that-love-'em.
So where's the party?
...Jesus H. Christ.
Steven??
Evelyn... Get up... NOW!
No. OhmyGod, Pritchett was right -- The house <u><b>IS</b></u> haunted.
No...
-- witnesses to what? You're already dead, Evelyn! Happy Birthday, baby --
-- wit...nesses --
-- just what you wanted everyone here to believe in the first place: I'm going to murder you, Evelyn, with the greatest of pleasure --
-- what...are...you...going...to --
-- anything, sweetheart, you need only speak --
Steven --
Funky little house, ain't it?  Friends, your hostess is now going to retire for what's left of the night. If you need me, I'll be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this thing into their fucking head. Thank you all for the bestest birthday a girl could have.
They weren't loaded when I put them in there!
Question answered.
Jesus!
-- thank you! All the cards finally on the goddamn table!
-- that wasn't my original plan, but it is starting to look more attractive --
-- oh, for chrissake, that's a given; we all know that knocking me off is the bottom line here --
If I had one, Evelyn, I think you know who'd be first and last --
-- and who's next on your list?
-- I pose you the same question --
I mean, did she stage it all for you and then go hide -- or did you just flat out kill the little bitch --
Asking the wrong person again.
Game, set and match, Steven. You've outdone yourself. And I know it's not good manners to ask the magician how he did it, but inquiring minds are desperate to know: just what did really happen to Ms. Marr?
Stalking the wild poltergeist.
Where is she?
Fine with me. Just somebody then better go and round up Melissa Marr.
A simple leak, if it's okay with you.
And where are we off to, Mr. Price? Check the wiring on the animatronic Mummies?
Only one way I can think of, Sweetheart.
So how's a girl to know if these things are loaded, baby?
Must be getting old, Stevie -- you're repeating yourself -- this is the exact same set-up you used for the Son-Of-Sam Hunt back in '94.  Girlie, open up that casket there and see what you find.
What are you talking about?
-- in the act.
-- the sadistic prick --
Oh, no-no-no -- much more bang for everyone's buck to nail the bitch --
Really? Well, let it rip.
Huh. And here I had a completely different theory.
Sure it wasn't. Hey, anybody else here make their living with thrills'n'chills for the kiddies? Don't raise your hands all at once.
-- asking the wrong guy -- wasn't me who closed it.
My guests were shredded. It's your sick little scene now, Steven: enjoy. I'm going to go run scalding water on the places you just touched me, and then I'm calling a cab.
Now, there's the simple country gal I married. Let's go back down and greet your guests -- show them the real you: corny as Kansas on the Fourth of July.
I know.
You're hurting me.
-- just not always in the sexual sense.
You know everything you do gets me hot.
Which part of that fantasy turns you on most: me with other men -- or just the other men?
You know how happy I'd be if that was really true, Evelyn? And how positively goddamn delirious if you weren't fucking every living thing in our area code at the same goddamn time!
All accidents until proven otherwise.
Finding ways for me to die at these things is really your deal, isn't it? The "O.J." knife with the not-quite- retractable blade? Your "Jim Jones Kool- Aid" that was exactly that?
It you really loved me, Steven, you'd find a way to drop dead in the next three seconds.
Sure know it wasn't me. And if you say it wasn't you -- then who the hell did, Evelyn?
What are you talking about? You think I invited them?
You tell me. I don't know how you managed to hack into my Mac, but: bravo.
Then who are they?
Well, not quite. See, those people down there: they aren't the ones I invited.
I guess it was stupid of me not to expect something this twisted from you. Well, congratu-fucking-lations, Steven: Round One, you win.
Shredded. Sorry. Decided to whip up one of my own: a group so hungry for money that they'd be willing to do anything. I thought you'd be more comfortable with your peers.
I gave you a goddamn guest list two pages long -- where the hell are they?
Oh, I think we're going to have several.
Could we have a word?
Haven't they already?
You shouldn't be -- you were nearly just killed, sweetheart.  And now that our birthday girl is finally here, let the games begin!
I'm not laughing, Steven.
I'm impressed: I don't think Evelyn's ever said those words to anything with genitalia.
Don't touch me!
Oh. You think this is a request. Well, think again. I'm telling you: "Haunted Hill" is exactly where we're having my party this year. You'll find the guest list on your desk by the time you get back --
-- forget it. Last birthday the Manson Family Ranch, the year before that: Jonestown.
Are you still fucking <b>here</b>??
...wow....WOW! Hey, Ms. Jenzen -- ?
And here's your goddamn severance!
What?
-- well, here's a better one: you're fired.
No, no, it's just --
You think this is fucking funny??
-- being utterly fucking useless, what else is new.
I was in the middle of --
You didn't think to ask?
Messenger just dropped it off. No return address.
Well, who's the damn thing <u>from</u>?
I don't know, Ms. Jenzen.
Maybe if I --
Please! Something! Oh-God!
Like what?? This isn't supposed to be happening!!
Do something!
I've designed and built six of these places -- take my word for it, everything's fine.
First time for everything.
I wouldn't be opening this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested 100% safe.
Sources have told this reporter that the real reason your Park's opening has been delayed was a near-fatal accident on one of the rides here. Comment?
I think it's something better experienced then described.
And then what happens?
Ever seen one that starts at the top? 20 stories worth of top?
Absolutely. No cheap thrills. A genuine Journey To The Brink Of Madness.
Your roller coaster that is, quote: "unlike any that has ever come before it."
My wife. Where were we?
Business or pleasure, Mr. Price?
I am.
He was right! Pritchett was right!
Or somebody wanting me to believe that.
Vannacutt!!
Thank God -- I was afraid I'd be lynched without a quorum.
-- then I guess then it had to be you. Sorry.
I think, Pritchett, we've got a situation here that even you can't explain away as "ghosts." This is ice- cold homicide by person -- or persons --
House 2, Guests 0.
I remember...it was a long time ago...my father said: when the House was finally completed, make sure...we-christen-it- with-this-bottle-of-dirt-cheap-champagne- that-should-still-be-in a cupboard somewhere!
What?
I think...I may have the answer.
Not the plates: the House. Why is no one listening to me?? It's alive!  And once it's made up its mind, it won't let anything out.
Must be those plates -- interfering with the signal somehow.
Wouldn't know what to do with it all --
-- even if I give you a million as well?
-- my loss --
I think you're gonna miss the bash of a lifetime --
Sorry, Pritchett, here you go.
-- it's getting older by the second. Mr. Price, if I could just please have --
Alright, Mr. Pritchett, let me just sign the damn thing.
I'm ready now.
I can't remember at the moment.
She's been marked for it. The House does that. Happened to Pritchett's father. Likely happen to you all. Isn't that what you told me, Mr. Pritchett?
Not even for a million dollars, Mr. Price.
Please! I need your help.
Don't think so. Stay the fuck back.
Then tell me, please -- help me...!
-- no more --
-- listen to me, goddamnit --
-- I'll take the chance, come morning and cops, I'll be proved right --
-- confirming everything we already know --
Don't test me, I'm real prepared to use this to stay alive --
Well, I can't, sweetheart.
I'll take my chances.
Then just wait -- maybe this whoever's got you next on the Asylum's equipment- test list. Maybe a literal mind-blow inside the "Saturation Chamber."
Well, I don't.
I was chasing after somebody I saw in the salon.
Fascinated.
Not just yet. Would any of you be interested in knowing exactly why I ended up here in the basement?
If you've got a gun on you, Price, I'd hand it over now.
I never saw you --
I was upstairs!
-- no -- that's when everything went ragtime -- whoever else is in this house has been doing everything since -- I thought it was Evelyn --
-- the window and door grates --
I think I'll do what I damn well please.
I...don't think...anybody should be touching the body.
Something with the power, I don't know!!
What is it??
I'll try not to remember to warn Evelyn.
Good way to get your head blown off.
Sorry.
-- I wouldn't worry, Ms. Jenzen: the unexplainable will probably explain herself before too long. In the meantime, let's all relax, have a drink, the evening's young --
This is all maybe getting a little too strange --
Very good. Well, I think I can say with complete honesty: I've never heard of any of you.
Jennifer-Jenzen-Executive-V.P.- Paragon-Pictures.
Oh, sorry. Detail I guess I forgot to mention. You die, you lose. Your check gets divvied-up by those still amongst the living.
What're you talking about?
You're forgetting my lovely wife; she's part of the same winner-take-all as the rest of you.
Yeah. Why's there five checks? There's only four of us.
Don't take your eyes off her for a second. I think she just declared War.
Pretty amazing feat: all that shit down the basement and your wife's up in the bedroom the whole time.
No. Somehow -- I don't know how -- she did it.
Maybe it was just its time to finally fall apart.
It works.
No idea. I didn't even know the damn thing still worked!
Then who did??
I was just sitting here -- it happened. I had nothing to do with it.
Rewind that.
-- it wasn't me.
I mean, not that it didn't give Evelyn the kind of coronary I had in mind, just...
The lockdown thing.
-- hey! Next time give me a couple seconds notice before you wing a gag like that!
So disengage his Flail Arm Mechanism and just make him a screamer.
"Dummy 6" keeps losing his arm.
Problem where? Looked good to me.
Evelyn, go stir your cauldron or something for a sec.
Houston, I think we may have a problem.
-- ten.
-- hey! --
How, he's supposed to be dead!
He must've unsealed the room!
Pritchett: what is going on?
Oh, dear.
Price!
He would have been back by now.
Excuse me?
Blackburn's dead.
You coming, or are you waiting for Blackburn?
I thought you understood.... It's the souls of Vannacutt's dead... The insanity... The horror... Victims burned alive... All that pain percolating somewhere in the house for seventy-some years...  ...singing this will be the day that I die... This will be the day that I....
Pritchett, what is this "core of darkness"?
This? This is nothing. You've only been dealing with the House itself. You have no idea what you're tinkering with. Sooner or later, the darkness that is at the core will get out... One of you will release it... Not meaning to, of course... then...  ...Bye, bye, Miss American Pie...
There is something very not normal going on here!
Accumulated evil... festering for decades...  But I'm a drunk... so don't listen to me.
And you think it's in there?
Not ghosts... at least not what you're thinking... Vannacutt used to dump the bodies of his failed experiments somewhere in the house...
Ghosts killed your father?
I said we shouldn't come down here. Very treacherous -- physical and metaphysical levels, both. There've been no refurbishments to this part of the house -- it's exactly as it was in 1931.
You should really open this place to the public, Pritchett -- a spa for people without enough stress in their lives.
Well, that leaves you with two options then, doesn't it: either show me where and maybe we get out of here -- or it's spend-the-night-sleep-tight.
You'll never find it, it's a maze down there.
No, you don't want to go down there. I am going down there. And I'm going to find <u><b>reverse</b></u> on this thing and floor it.
The basement -- but, believe me, you don't want to go down there.
Pritchett, this "lockdown" thing -- it's gotta have like a master control -- you know machinery, gears, whatever -- somewhere in this place?
Believe me, we need to.
Uh, excuse me? Don't think I'm not having the time of my life watching this train wreck that's your marriage -- but this isn't what I had in mind... I want to know that we can get out of here if we need to.
Why not?
Won't do any good.
Hasn't been a telephone in this House in over 60 years.
Well, then, how 'bout maybe we call someone?
Don't know that it does.
What's going on?
Oh, no.
I can't comment until I get paid.
Of course he did, for God's sake.  Didn't he, Mr. Pritchett?
He must've beaten us all here!
-- guess we know where Mr. Price is now.
Wish I could take the credit, but --
It better be -- he still owes me $25 grand for renting the place for the night! Here, let's get you some illumination so you can make your way safely!
But the million bucks each, that's for real?
-- something horrible...I don't understand --
-- I'm coming --
Something....happened --
Keep talking, I'll find you!
Sara...?
Melissa, it's Sara -- is that you?
For the love of God....please...?
Melissa...?
Please.....anyone....help me?
Over here.
-- Eddie!!
