Yes, Miss Betsy.  I mean that.  The Houngan will speak to the rada drums and the drums will speak to Shango and Damballa.
Are you trying to tell me that the Houngan -- the voodoo priest -- could cure Mrs. Holland?
No.  She was mindless but not like Miss Jessica.  But the Houngan cured her.
You mean Mama Rose was like Mrs. Holland?
They even cure nonsense, Miss Betsy.  Mama Rose was mindless.  I was at the Houmfort when the Houngan brought her mind back.
That's nonsense, Alma.
At the Houmfort.
Where?
There are other doctors...Yes, other doctors...Better doctors...
What do you mean -- "doctors that are people"?
Doctors that are people can't cure everything.
Doctors and nurses can only do so much, Alma.  They can't cure everything.
Things so bad, nobody can help -- not even Doctor Maxwell.
Looks like an awful lot of breakfast -- I don't know whether I'll be able to get away with it.
A puff-up, I call it.  But Miss Jessica always says "brioche."
What's this?
I do my best.  Every day I dress her just as beautifully as if she was well.  It's just like dressing a great, big doll.
We'll see if we can't make her well, Alma, you and I.
She was very sick and then she went mindless, Miss.
She must have been beautiful.  What happened to her, Alma?
Miss Jessica used to say this is the only way for a lady to break her fast -- in bed, with a lacy cushion to bank her head up. If you'd only seen her, Miss Connell. She looked so pretty.
Thank you, Alma.
I know, miss.  But I like to do it. I like to tend for Miss Jessica and I want to tend for you.  You settle right back, now, and I'll mix you your coffee.
But I'm Miss Jessica's nurse, Alma. You don't have to do that for me.
I didn't want to frighten you out of your sleep, Miss.  That's why I touched you farthest from your heart.
Thank you for waking me.
Good morning, miss.
If you say, miss.  If you say.
But they came to a beautiful place, didn't they?
If you say, miss.  And the enormous boat brought the long-ago Fathers and the long-ago Mothers of us all - chained down to the deep side floor.
You mean a figurehead.
No, miss.  He's just as he was in the beginning -- on the front part of an enormous boat.
Alive?
A man, miss -- an old man who lives in the garden at Fort Holland - with arrows stuck in him and a sorrowful, weeping look on his black face.
Ti-Misery?  What's that?
Times gone, Fort Holland was a fort...now, no longer.  The Holland's are a most old family, miss.  They brought the colored people to the island-- the colored folks and Ti-Misery.
Mrs. Rand was at the Houmfort that night.  But there's nothing wrong with that.  She's gone there for years -- trying to take care of those people,  to help them.
You must, Betsy. They'll have to believe you.
Mrs. Rand...
That's sweet of you, Mrs. Rand.
Why, Betsy -- we can't lose you. You mean too much to us here.
Perhaps not.  But I did come here and I found it was so simple to let the gods speak through me. Once started, it seemed such an easy way to do good.  I should have known there was no easy way to do good, Betsy.
But you didn't have to come up here.
-- and when my husband died I felt helpless. They disobeyed me -- things went from bad to worse. All my husband's dreams of good health, good sanitation, good morals for these sweet and gentle people seemed to die with him.  Then, almost accidentally, I discovered the secret of how to deal with them. There was a girl with a baby -- again and again I begged her to boil the drinking water. She never would. Then I told her the god, Shango, would be pleased and kill the evil spirits in the water if she boiled it. She boiled the water from then on.
I asked you to let me explain. It's a long story.  And not an easy one --
But how did you get here? What are you doing here?
I knew you'd come. And I knew I'd have to come up here and talk to you. I couldn't let you go back without any word. I came to tell you again -- Jessica cannot be cured.
But, Mrs. Rand --
Wait. Don't draw any conclusions. Let me explain.
Mrs. Rand.
Her son drowned.  She brooded until her mind was affected. All the Houngan did was coax her out of it with a little practical psychology.
I heard the servants talking about someone called Mama Rose. They said she had been "mindless"...
Frankly, my dear, I didn't expect anything like this from a nice level-headed girl.  What are you driving at?
I don't mean believe, like believing in a religion.  I mean, do you believe it has power?  Do you think it could heal a sick person?
A missionary's widow?  It isn't very likely, is it?
You don't believe in it?
Haven't I?  I suppose I take it for granted. It's just part of everyday life here.
You've never said anything about voodoo before, Mrs. Rand.
Some of this native nonsense. The Houngan has his prescription and Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
Try it -- you may have more influence than you think.
I've no influence with Mr. Holland.
Use your influence with Paul.  Ask him to take that whiskey decanter off the dinner table.
I'd love to.
So -- he says I'm nice.  He's a nice boy, too, Miss Connell, a very nice boy.  But I'm worried about his drinking.
Thank you, Mrs. Rand.  I think you're every bit as nice as Wes says you are.
Nonsense, child!  I know Wesley's been drinking too much lately.  I know a great deal more about what goes on at Fort Holland than you'd think.  I know all about you -- that you're a nice girl, competent and kind to Jessica.  The Fort needs a girl like you.  But now we've got to get you back there.  I'll walk you back and stay over night.  It'll be a nice change for me.
Believe me, Mrs. Rand, he doesn't do this often. This is the first time I've seen him --
Come, come, don't tell me how sorry you are that I should meet you this way.  I'm even a little glad that Wesley's difficulty brought us together.
Oh, Mrs. Rand --
I really intended going out to the Fort and meeting you long before this, Miss Connell.  I'm Mrs. Rand -- Wesley's mother.
Ti-Joseph?
I'm afraid so.
I think you need some help.
I would have stayed anyway, Dr. Maxwell.
Miss Connell's testimony will be very important.
It's the very danger itself that makes the cure possible, Mr. Holland.  The insulin produces a state of coma, a stupor.  The patient is revived from the coma by a violent overwhelming nerve shock. That nerve shock can kill -- but it can also restore the damaged mind.
I've worked with it.  I've seen cures. It is at least a hope.
Thank you.
I prepared these for you last night, Miss Connell.
Fortunately, not.  This is my first experience with it as a physician. But I have seen half-witted field hands -- whom the other peasants call Zombies.  I am sure they suffer from a similar destruction of spinal nerves as the result of high fever.
Is this disease common in the tropics?
I've never heard of a cure.
She can never be cured?
I don't know.  I prefer to think of her as a sleepwalker who can never be awakened -- feeling nothing, knowing nothing.
Does she suffer?
That's rather nice, isn't it?
But it's so far away...
A year's contract -- a trip with all expenses paid -- that's not so bad, you know.
The West Indies?
No, this is quite final.  You see, Mr. Holland is a sugar planter.  He lives in St. Sebastian Island in the West Indies.
That will mean another interview, won't it?
I'm afraid I'm not able to tell you much. Only that the patient is a young woman -- the wife of a Mr. Paul Holland with whom we do considerable business.
That is good.  But I'd like to know more about the case.
Very well.  That means that you have met all Mr. Holland's requirements.  Now, as to salary -- it's quite good -- two hundred dollars a month.
They didn't teach it at Memorial Hospital.  I had my suspicions, though, about the Directress of Training.
At the Memorial Hospital -- here in Ottawa.
Where were you trained?
Yes.
You're single?
Jessica was never any good for Paul.  You will be, you are.  And Mother -- seeing Jessica day after day -- never able to escape, never able to forget.  Please, Betsy -- it's only merciful.
No, Wes.
Please, Wes, do as I ask.  You must rest, you must sleep.
You know what she is!  That's death -- no mind, no senses -- no love, no hate, no feeling -- nothing!
But she's not dead, Wes.
She's dead.  The dead ought to be buried.
Not to a nurse.  Sleep is a cure.
She hated sleep.  She used to say it was a thief -- stealing away her life, an hour at a time...
I don't know.  I once asked Dr. Maxwell the same question.  He said he thought she was like a sleepwalker who would never waken.
Does she suffer?  Does she know what she is?
Of course, Wes.
Betsy, can I talk to you a minute?
One of these days he'll start on you, the way he did on her.  "You think life's beautiful, don't you, Jessica?  You think you're beautiful, don't you, Jessica?"  What he could do to that word "beautiful." That's Paul's great weapon -- words.  He uses them the way other men use their fists.
I'd like to go now, Rand.  Would you mind taking me home?
That's right -- he's playing the noble husband for you, isn't he? That won't last long.
That doesn't sound like him.
Why?  Everybody else knows it. Paul saw to that.  Sometimes I think he planned the whole thing from the beginning -- just to watch me squirm.
I wish I hadn't heard --
Did you hear what he sang?
Don't let it bother you so, Wes.
Wait. I want to listen.
Listen, did I tell you that story about the little mule at the plantation -- the little mule and Clement?  Let me tell you.  It's one of the funniest stories --
I'm a nurse.  I always watch people when they pour something.  I watched Ti-Joseph and it was exactly two ounces.
How do you know there's two ounces in a drink?
Higher mathematics.  Two ounces to a drink -- three drinks, six ounces.
What in the world are you talking about?  Six ounces -- ?
It must be hard work entertaining me if it requires six ounces of rum.
Bring me another, Ti-Joseph.  I have to keep the lady entertained.
By a curious coincidence, it's my day off, too.
But don't you have to work?
Well -- and things -- might be a better description of what you'll find.  I'd better come along and show you the town.
I was just beginning to wonder. Aren't there shops, restaurants and things?
But what in the world can you do with a day off in St. Sebastian?
It's my day off.
Where do you think you're going?
It'll wait.
Perhaps you ought to get on to the mill.
Ah, yes, our Paul, strong and silent and very sad -- quite the Byronic character. Perhaps I ought to cultivate it.
I don't know.  He spoke to me last night on the boat. I liked him very much.
Yes, the redoubtable Paul.  He has the plantation, and I, as you must have noticed, have all the charm.
Mr. Holland?
Don't worry.  I wasn't missed.  The only important man here is the owner.
Of course.  It's been nice of you to spend this much time with me.
As a matter of fact, it means the sugar syrup is ready to be poured off.  You'll have to excuse me.
We're half-brothers.  Paul is mother's first child.  When his father died, she married my father. Dr. Rand, the missionary.  And you know what they say about missionaries' children.
I wondered about your different accents.  I'm still wondering about your names -- Rand and Holland.
I went to school in Buffalo.  Paul went to school in England.
-- But, you're an American?
My brother's wife.
Thank you.  But who sits there? 
And that --  is my chair.  And this --  is Miss Connell -- who is beautiful.
I like her already.
No -- she just runs the place. She's everything else -- amazing woman, mother.  You'll like her.
Is she a doctor?
And that chair --  is the particular property of Mrs. Rand -- mother to both of us and much too good for either of us. Too wise, in fact, to live under the same roof. She prefers the village dispensary.
Yes -- on the boat.
It seems we are having dinner by ourselves, Miss Connell.  But I may as well introduce everyone to you, anyway.  There -- in the master's chair, sits the master -- my half-brother Paul Holland.  But you've already met him.
I guess I'll wait until I'm home, Mrs. Rand.
Considering that the paper is three months old and this isn't Sunday -- no thank you.
Yes.
You want that?
I want you to be safe, Betsy.  I want to know you're away from this place -- home again, where nothing can harm you -- nothing and no one.
That's past -- that's over and done with...
I remember words I said to Jessica - words mixed like to poison -- to hurt her, to madden her.
Don't, Paul -- don't doubt yourself -- don't make me doubt you.
The night you came to me in this room -- to comfort me, to help me -- I turned you away.
You wanted to warn me...
No.  It's not just how I felt toward Jessica.  I've been cruel to even you.
I can understand that.  Everyone feels that way about someone.
How do you know I'm not?  I was cruel to Jessica.  When I got to know her -- when I found out how empty and ungenerous she was, there was something about her -- something smooth and false -- that made we want to hurt her.
You can't believe that.  You don't know what viciousness it would take to drive a person mad.  You're not vicious or cruel, Paul.
I have no defense.  So far as I know -- it is true.
I still can't believe it Paul -- that you wouldn't say a word in your own defense.
I hated her.
She was beautiful.
You think I love Jessica and want her back. It is like you to think that -- clean, decent thinking.
What I saw the other night, I didn't dare believe, Betsy --
You know why.  You saw it the other night at the piano.  You turned away from me.
Because you wanted to give my wife back to me?  Why should that mean anything to you?
I told you.
You have deliberately endangered Mrs. Holland's life.  There's no telling what you may have started with this insanity.  Why did you do it?
I took Mrs. Holland to the Houmfort.  I thought they might cure her.
Help me? How?
I wanted to help you.
Instead -- you come, with sympathy, Betsy, and a generous heart. Don't forget that.  Don't call it nothing.
And instead,  I came -- bringing you nothing.
I've been waiting here for hours, trying to imagine Jessica well again -- wondering what I'd feel. I could see Jessica as she used to be, I could hear her say in that sweet mocking voice, "Paul, darling..."  The whole thing beginning all over again...
I imagined this so differently...
Don't take it to heart, Betsy.
She is alive, Mr. Holland -- that's all.
Well?
Didn't I?  I don't know.  That's the simple truth of it.  I don't know.
You didn't drive her mad.
What you saw tonight -- two brothers at each other's throat and a woman driven mad by her own husband?  Do you love that?
I love Fort Holland.
You have helped me.  I want you to know I'm sorry I brought you here. When I thought of a nurse, I thought of someone hard and impersonal.
I don't know.  I wanted to help you. And now that I'm here, I don't know how.
Why did you come in here?
I know what you went through tonight.  I kept thinking of what you said: that all good things died here, violently.
I often do.
I heard you playing.
I'm afraid it's not very frightening.  They have their songs and dances and carry on and finally, as I understand it, one of the gods comes down and speaks through one of the people.
You don't seem very disturbed by it.  I've always thought Voodoo was something to be scared of: the drums sounded in the hills and everybody was frightened.
I'm afraid the decanter will have to stay where it is.  I engaged you, Miss Connell, to take care of my wife, not my brother.
Still, I feel you should remove the decanter.  Wes is not an alcoholic yet, Mr. Holland. But as a nurse I can tell you that it won't be long before he is.
I've no sympathy with people who can't resist temptation.
But for Wes -- it must be a temptation to him.
It's always stood there, Miss Connell.  I can remember it in my grandfather's time and my father's. I'm afraid it will have to remain.
Yes, he can.  But I've been wondering -- you know if you could leave the whisky decanter off the table --
Wesley can be very entertaining.
Well, I had a good time up to a point.
I heard about your little misadventure yesterday, Miss Connell.  On your first "day off," too.
Good morning.
Good morning, Miss Connell.
Don't.  It will save you a great deal of trouble and other people a great  unhappiness.
I've never given it much thought.
And charming?
I suppose so.  Yes.
Many people thought her beautiful.
Mrs. Holland must have been beautiful ---
You didn't find your patient so frightening in the daylight, did you?
Why should you be?  My wife is a mental case.  Please keep that in mind, Miss Connell -- particularly when some of the foolish people of this island start talking to you about Zombies.
I'm sorry...
A mental case?
Of course not!
Surely nurses aren't afraid of the dark?
Nothing -- really.  But you must admit it's an eerie sort of place -- so dark --
And what is so alarming about the tower, Miss Connell?
If I were as timid as you seem to think, Mr. Holland, I wouldn't have gone into the tower in the first place.
That's hard to believe, after what happened last night.
I am not a frightened girl.
I made it clear in my letter to the company.  This is not a position for a frightened girl.
Yes.  But it was once the figurehead of a slave ship.  That's where our people came from -- from the misery and pain of slavery. For generations they found life a burden. That's why they still weep when a child is born -- and make merry at a burial.
A figure of St. Sebastian.
I'm not sure I can make you understand.  You know what this is?
Why was the maid crying?
A woman crying?  No one's been crying here.
I heard someone crying -- a woman --
No, thank you.  Tomorrow's time enough for you to begin work.
Can't I take it for you?
Yes, thank you.
Have the servants made you comfortable?
You can't really believe that.
It's easy enough to read the thoughts of a newcomer. Everything seems beautiful because you don't understand.  Those flying fish -- they are not leaping for joy. They're jumping in terror.  Bigger fish want to eat them. That luminous water -- it takes its gleam from millions of tiny dead bodies. It's the glitter of putrescence.  There's no beauty here -- it's death and decay.
You read my thoughts, Mr. Holland.
It is not beautiful.
You were possessed.  That is true -- possessed by your subconscious mind.  You were in the Houmfort, surrounded by their symbols.  To them, nothing worse can happen to a person than to be made into a Zombie.  Your subconscious mind used their own words for evil.
But I had no thought of harming her.  It wasn't I...
Two things had happened, Mrs. Rand. One was that your daughter-in-law had been taken ill with a fever. The other thing -- completely disconnected -- was that you had wished her ill, because she had hurt your sons.
Yes, I said it, and I made myself believe it. But when I got here, Jessica was already raging with fever.
Ah -- that's where reason took hold.
I hated myself.  I kept saying to myself over and over again that these people had no power; they had no strange drugs; that there is no such thing as a Zombie.
And what happened then, Mrs. Rand?
It's more than that, Doctor.  I've entered into their ceremonies - pretended to be possessed by their gods...
I think I do.  I've often talked a little voodoo to get medicine down a patient's throat.
I am afraid, Wesley, he has that right.  And I will have to urge him to use it.
Wesley!
I'm quite sure nothing will happen, Doctor.
This is something else.  They're curious.  Curiosity and religious fervor make a strange and explosive mixture.
I wouldn't worry too much, Commissioner.  It'll pass.  We've had this sort of thing before.
Emotion tricks all of us, Mrs. Rand.  And you are a woman with a very strong conscience.  That conscience has been tormenting you. The rest is coincidence.  There is no such thing as a Zombie.  The dead do not come back to life. Death is final.
Dr. Maxwell is right, Mother.
Maybe it's better this way, Mother. I'm glad you're going home, Betsy -- you'll be out of the mess.
I did everything I could to forestall this, Paul.  I don't think there's any question of your innocence in the matter.  But there's been too much talk.  The thing's out of hand.
In other words, I'm on trial.
Of the nature of Mrs. Holland's illness.  And, of course, the events which led up to it.
Investigation of what?
In view of all the circumstances, the commissioner has decided on a legal investigation.
What about her?
No -- it's about Mrs. Holland.  A result of our discussion the other day, I'm afraid.
An accident at the mill?
Paul, we're not trying to blame Miss Connell.  It isn't a question of blame.  It's a question of what we are to do with Jessica.  The commissioner is very concerned.
But I assure you, Father Walters, Miss Connell had no idea of the consequences when she went there.
Technical responsibility, real responsibility -- what difference does it make?  Jessica lives -- or she dies. That's what we're talking about!
It is a hard decision to make -- but yours is only a technical responsibility...
I don't know -- I don't know--
You admit that it is terribly dangerous. Why do you advise it?
Insulin shock treatment is an extreme measure, Mr. Holland. But -- as Miss Connell pointed out when she suggested it -- this is an extreme case.
All that you say comes down to the same thing.  You are asking me to pass a sentence of life or death on my own wife.
Foolish?  Tell them how foolish it is, Paul -- tell them!
That could be a serious accusation, Rand, if it weren't a foolish one.
Because he drove Jessica insane -- deliberately -- coldly!
Why?
I tell you he hasn't and he wouldn't dare use it if he had.
It doesn't matter what you call it. I can tell you right now Jessica isn't going!
I believe there's a kinder name for it, Wesley. At St. Thomas, it's called the Institute for Mental Therapy.
To the asylum?
If I were as sure as you, Mrs. Rand, we wouldn't be here.  I'll tell you quite bluntly: for the peace of the island and possibly for her own safety, we've come to ask you to send Mrs. Holland away to St. Thomas.
No.  You're quite wrong.  Right here's the seat of the trouble. Mrs. Holland has become an object of speculation and religious interest to these people.  It's revived all their old superstitions -- Zombies -- and that sort of nonsense.
Well, Jeffries, why come to us about it?  Why don't you go up to the Houmfort and put a stop to the drumming and dancing -- that's what causes all the trouble.
That night, I went to the Houmfort. I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart. The drums seemed to be beating in my head.  The chanting -- the lights --  everything blurred together.  And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence.  My voice.  I was possessed.  I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie.
That isn't true.  You never understood her.
Betsy, tell them about the Houmfort.  Tell them what you saw there.
Are you going to lie for him, Mother?
You're wrong, Wesley.  The guilt is mine -- all of it.
We're all in it.  There won't be a shred of pride or decency left for any of use.  Say something, Paul!  You've always been good with words.  Put some together, now, and tell us that you're not responsible -- that every damnable bit of it doesn't rest squarely on your shoulders!
Dr. Maxwell has very unpleasant news for us.
Dr. Maxwell -- it's nice to see you.
