In Rhode Island with the folks. I'm a free agent tonight.
Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am.  Say, where's the wife?
Well, gonna make a break for the hors d'oeuvres guy.
Yeah, good.
Don't see how. I think the public's had its fill of this gangster stuff. No, trust me -- disaster pics. And air hockey.
Darned right. Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather? You think it's gonna work?
Well, hey, isn't that a one-in-a million coincidence. A real dreamer, Jim Williams, eh?
Well, it's the funniest thing. I've been talking to some investors -- a little outside venture, you understand, between you and me -- about a scheme to manufacture a new Styrofoam packaging. Little peanut like pieces that can really keep an item free from trauma during shipping. Miraculous. Anyway, it turns out the genius behind the whole project is your neighbor, Jim Williams. How about that!
Clair, George Clair! What the hell brings you to New Canaan?
Benjie!
Up the organization!  Bastard.
Right o'.
Got a meeting uptown.
Brilliant. Hey, you heading out a little early today?
Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway. I'm advising the company recommend reducing positions there. It's disaster films that are gonna stay at the top.
Ben you know that's your territory - and I wouldn't dream to trespass - you're the expert. Hey, how do you think Paramount's gonna do with that Blatty novel, what's it called? The Exorcist?
Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself?
And speaking of which, you have those market share charts Mr. Shackley was asking about?
Paul? Yeah. You think --
Oh you know, for a minute I thought it was --
Ben, I don't think he wants us here.
Yeah. Well, we can just --
The phone's out.
Do you think? Maybe we should call someone --
We'll talk in the morning.
Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning?
You'll get some sleep on the couch out there?
Ben.
I'll drive you --
Ben, I've got a ride home. Maybe you should sleep this one off on the couch here?
Elena.
We're not going anywhere.
Ready to go?
Thanks for the diagnosis, Ben. Thank you. So let's just go to this fiasco if that's what you want to do. Let's just go on in. I'd rather talk to anyone else but you.
Elena, you're just getting wound up to get wound up.
Well, I'm really pleased to hear a confession.
Elena, it's not what you think. It's not a big plot. Honestly. Honestly. I don't know if you want to go over this now, but it's just something that comes over me. I don't feel good about it. I know I've done what I didn't want to do. I don't know --
Elena.
You have some marker, that's what I think, if you want to know the truth. You have some marker and you're going to put it on the house keys so that Janey can find them and then when I get back to the house I'll find the two of you in there and Wendy'll be able to hear you and Paul will be back and he'll hear you and I'll catch you, that's what I think. She'll be swearing and banging against the wall and I'll catch --
I'm not.
You're not going to --
I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that --
Damn it, Ben --
I think we're here and we don't have to stay -- we ought simply to put in an appearance and then we can head home.
Well?
Yeah, well, if we'd understood we could have invented some kind of excuse. A key party -- did you see how stuffed that bowl was already?
That this was going to be a key party?
I know, I know. I had no idea --
This just isn't the best moment for this.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll be right back, Dot.
In the car.
You've...
Benjamin. That's supposed to explain it?
Sure I do. Do I know what loneliness feels like? Sure I do. I know a lot about it, if that's what you mean.
Oh lord. You think I'm so dense. And now you want to be seen with your dense wife at the cocktail party. You want to wear that ridiculous shirt which doesn't go with those pants at all. You want to wear that, and you want me to shake hands with your friends and make conversation and dress up in an outfit that shows a lot of cleavage and you're not going to accord me the respect of talking honestly about this... You don't really know what this feels like.
What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here.
If you're going to insult me --
Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after?
It's a starting place.
Am I unfaithful? Is that what you're trying to say?
Your unfaithfulness -- that's what I'm trying to talk about. Your unfaithfulness. Your betrayal. Your dalliance. And you won't do me the dignity of being up front about it.
Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again --
I'm not surprised.
Elena, what are you're talking about?
Don't be dim.
What do you mean?
It wouldn't make a pleasant evening, if that's what you're after. I don't want to talk about it. Stupid mustache cup.
What's on your mind? Don't --
I have no idea.
You think I --
Don't start.
No advice from the experts, huh?
See for yourself.
What's for dessert?
That one.
Yeah, that one.
Oh right. The mustache coffee cup. The one that was sitting on the dash.
Oh, just dropping off a coffee cup. Jim left it, last time he was over. It was on the dash of the car. You were, you know, reading, thought I'd just catch some air. Let's eat.
So what were you doing in the Williams' basement anyway?
I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice.
Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.
In the basement over at Janey and Jim's. With that weirdo Mikey. Not even a TV on. And they're on the floor and he's got his trousers down though thank goodness she's still dressed. Well, I really let him have it!  ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your -
You go dry off now.
Dinner in ten minutes.
Stuffed and baking.
The turkey in?
Leave it -- I'll wash it for you.
What?
That shirt?
Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday.
Hell, I know. I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got --  Oh hell! I've got to pick up Paul. I almost forgot.
I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children.
You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did?
No, I didn't mean to sound negative. It was -- But Ben.  What is going to happen with us? Have you --
Whatever that means Elena -- And you complain about me not communicating... I thought it was --
I'm just sad Ben -- I mean it was... you were, but, you know. I just don't know...
You crying?
Ben, maybe no talking right now? If you start talking, you're going to--
You know Elena, I've been thinking--
I... I think I am...
I do. I'm -- are you...?
Because you like it on your turkey sandwiches.
Um, yes.
Oh. Sure, I -- Did you remember to pick up the cranberry sauce?
You all right there?
Hmm. Good night.
Oh yeah. Musk, or something. You like it?
Rough day. Good night.
So early?
I'm, uh, going to bed.
Well, it is a neighborhood tradition.
What do you think?
You want to go?
The Halfords have invited us again this year.
Good night.
Good night.
Elena.
-- And you haven't moved out yet. It's because you're too lazy, Ben. Too scared or lazy to either deal with us or simply make a decision --
Yeah but Elena, even you don't believe all that "I'm OK. You're OK" stuff you keep babbling about -- you say so yourself. I've been all ears for about ten years now on his subject, and --
It's you Ben who needs to talk. I've had my say, and I'm waiting to hear back from you.
Oh not again Elena! If we've got problems, why can't you just come out and talk about them.
So maybe you'll come too?
Then again, why should she be? I mean with us, with our...
Why shouldn't she be?
I did, but -- somebody should probably see her, talk to her... You think she's ok?
That shrink -- the one you always wanted me to see? I thought you dropped him.
I've been thinking, Ben, about Wendy. I was going to ask if she'd come with me sometime to meet Dr. Woolens.
I wasn't star--
You're staring at me.
And as usual no one believed me...
Don't be so modest, Ben. It's a job that requires a certain prescience with regards to entertainment trends. You were the first to predict that Billy Jack would be a hit --
Gotcha.
No thank you. We should be off.
OK, OK, the defense rests.  Want another?
Libbets? What kind of name is Libbets?
Libbets. Libbets Casey.
Ah let the guy have his fun. What's the name of this girl with the Park Avenue address?
Stay out of trouble.
See you.
Thanks.
Sure dad.
Um, Paul. On second thought, can you do me a favor and pretend I never said any of that.
All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great.
Uh, dad, you know I'm 16.
Holy! Well. If you're worried about anything, just feel free to ask, and, uh, we can look it up.
Well, the whole gamut. Facts of life and all. Some fatherly advice, because, I tell you, there's things happening that you're probably old enough... well...  For example, on the self-abuse front -- now this is important - it's not advisable to do it in the shower -- it wastes water and electricity and because we all expect you to be doing it there in any case -- and, um, not onto the linen, and not on your sister's underwear or any clothing belonging to your mother --
About?
You know Paul, I've been thinking, maybe this is as good a time as any to have a little talk, you know, about -- well --
Yeah.
Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St. Peter's, it's top of the line, eh?
Hnnn.
Anyone special? You know...
Fine.
Grades?
Good.
Classes?
All right.
So how's school treating you?
Lab experiments? Right smart guy -- Paul, you know your mother's gonna be disappointed not to see more of you -- In fact, let me make this more than a simple request guy, I think you should...
Well dad, actually I thought I'd take the morning train on Thanksgiving -- got a lot of studying, papers, you know, lab experiments --
Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon.
I'm fine dad.
Hey guy. Things ok up there? You all right?
Hi dad.
I just can't believe you could be so --
How you take it isn't all that interesting to me, Benjamin. I'm sorry --
Jimmy? Jimmy? I don't know how to take this. And what do you mean, Jimmy? I thought you said you and your husband --
Listen, Benjamin Hood. I have obligations that precede your... from before you showed up. One or two, you know, good-natured encounters, that doesn't mean I'm... I'm not just some toy for you. When I remembered some chores I wanted to get done before the party, I just did them, that's all, because I wanted to do them before I saw Jimmy.
What?
A prior engagement overcame me.
Don't bullshit me around, Janey. Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about? What the hell happened?
What are you talking about?
Damn right, but where the hell were you?
Oh jeez, Benjie. Well, here you are.
Right. Gotcha.
Birth control.
Huh?
Yeah, but, I -- I've been working a lot lately, and -- No, that's not it. I guess we've just been on the verge of saying something, whatever it is, just saying something to each other. On the verge.
Have I noticed anything? I'm not married to her Benjamin, you are. I think you've probably a better vantage point from which to observe her.
Maybe it's all for the better, you know? Yesterday, at dinner, well, she hasn't said anything... has she acted funny to you, I mean, have you noticed anything?
In a bit.
After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one?
Here.
Gotcha.
You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon.
You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right.
You're boring me. I have a husband. I don't particularly feel the need for another.
Yeah?
Ben--
It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department --
C'mon.
He's probably been waiting all night at the station.
Yeah.
Your toes cold?
I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess...
Huh?
Look, kiddo, don't worry about it. I really don't care that much. I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all.
I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady. Let's go. Right now. You and I can discuss it on the walk home.
Well, then forget all this stern dad stuff.
Who else would I be talking to? And take that thing off!
Talking to me, dad?
What do I think? I think you're probably touching each other. I think you're touching that reckless jerk-off, for god's sake, and I think he's trying to get into your slacks. I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood --
What do you think we're doing, dad?
What the hell are you kids doing down here?
Jesus all right enough!
... while children in Africa and Asia are napalmed and --
Nothing.
What you been up to?
Nah.
I'm picking up Paul at the station - want to come?
Good night kiddo.
Good-night dad.
If I were a fascist I would have sent you to one of those Southern military academies a long time ago. Now get to bed.
Fascist!
Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it.
Dad stop it!
I thought I'd start trying. If you don't mind. But I am going to Florida and I do have a new nurse.
That was a joke? You don't tell jokes.
Jesus, Benjamin, you're still as gullible as ever.
What?
Ben, I'm going to Florida. I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold. I have a new nurse. She's a negro, she weighs three hundred pounds, and I've decided to leave my entire estate to her.
Oh. Elena wanted to know when we could expect you on Thanksgiving. It's just going to be you this year.
It was all junk!
Alright dad. But you sold the house, you didn't tell anyone, including the IRS, and I'd of certainly liked to have seen if there was any old stuff --
It's not the taxes I object to. It's all the fines and penalties.
But I -- well maybe I love her. Elena.
But what?
But...
-- 73, and divorce is as easy as paying off a traffic ticket, and for crying out loud, Ben, be a man and just get it over with. I would have if I'd had the chance.
-- 73
That's besides the point. The point is if I'd had any sense in me I'd have divorced your mother 40 years ago, and that's the truth, and here it is, 1972 --
-- What advice? You never --
-- Waiter! Where's my cobb salad?  You want advice Ben? If your big brother were still alive I'd have him go out into the back yard and beat some sense into your head. Look kid, you married that woman against my advice --
But dad, you guys truly hated each other, I mean really hated each --
-- Your mother, God bless her, stood by me for forty-two years -- we never once contemplated divorce - I assume you're talking here about divorce? The very thought --
Well, Elena and I have kind of been talking, not really talking, but --
Oh for crying out loud Ben, you don't mean to tell me that your marriage is going down the drain now --
Actually it's not about work, it's advice about --
You know, dah--
Advice? I'm supposed to be getting the stock tips from you, Ben. Unless - have you quit your job? They fired you?
I was actually trying to see about getting a little advice, you know --
That's besides the point.
-- Well what am I supposed to call you?
And why are you still calling me dad? You're forty years old already, and --
We don't have to always go to your club, dad.
Darn it, Dave.
Don't fret, Benjie, it's --
It's what?
Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I had it in my chamber for a while. I was smoking this other --
Good shit.
Thanks for the advice Dave.
Welcome to the Monkey House has been a seminal influence on me -- hey Benjamin -- give it a try? This stuff will make some sense out of those larger questions.
And Reverend Edwards? Did you make the list?
I suppose we'll make an appearance.
Hello you two. Am I barging in on some kind of religious study group? Elena, you look marvelous. Will I see you and Ben at the Halford's?
It was lovely!
Thank you Janey.
You know, it's a California thing. That scuzzy husband of hers dragged her kicking and screaming to one when they were out in L.A. you know, the men put their car keys in a bowl, and then at the end of the evening the women line up and fish them out and go home with whoever's keys they've got. Anyhow that's how she met this Rod person or whatever his name is and he's left his wife and she's packing for California. Irwin is devastated. It's so ironic.
A key party?
And to think -- they met at a key party of all things.
Phone's out. I hope the pipe's --
Sure. Maybe coffee.
You want to come in, get a cup of coffee -- warm up? I can either walk you home, or you could crash in the guest room.
Yes. Well, I guess we can walk from here.
Yeah. You?
You okay?
Of course.
Maybe you just need -- look, can you wait here a sec, I need to tidy up -- just a minute, I'll be right back. You'll wait?
That's fine. I wouldn't expect you to see it any other way.
Well, we can talk about it.
Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly --
Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city.
Things are really rotten at home. You wouldn't believe how rotten. Janey's sick. She's unstable, I guess... it's not the right time to tell you... but that's it -- it's like I can't make her happy, the boys can't make her happy, she just doesn't --
Nah, that wasn't in the contract.
Okay. Shall we clean up around here first? Do you think it's all right--
What the hey. Let's go for a drive.
Now don't make me feel as if I'm being too forward, OK? If you don't --
My husband is probably passed out in the bathroom, or at least he wishes he were. I've been married to him for 17 years and I don't have any intention of going in there to get him... so what I'm proposing is that since your wife has gone off with a boy, and since you are standing here alone, I'm proposing that you and I do what makes sense. Stay warm. Pass some time. That's all.
Look, Elena, the fact that we're neighbors... you know, close friends, well it sort of makes this a little strange, don't you think?
Well, maybe they have one of those filter jobs in the kitchen --
You want coffee or something?
Somehow it was different in my imagination when I thought about it. Actually, I didn't think about it at all, really.
You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk.
Thanks, but -- oh, I don't think so. It's been kind of a discouraging evening.
Let me.
Well, I have to say I don't have much faith that my car keys are still in that bowl. Doesn't seem entirely safe, leaving your car keys around?
It'll warm you up.
I don't like coffee.
Just bundle up. It's supposed to freeze tonight. We'll see you in the morning.
Oh I thought I'd steal the station wagon, drive up to a commune. Or set the house on fire. You know.
What sort of problems are you planning exactly?
Just curious. If there's a problem, I guess I'll just call you there to interrupt.
I suppose. Why?
Is it a big party? A big neighborhood party?
We're going to the Halford's. The number's on the calendar in the kitchen. We should be home around 11.
Well, I'm sure your father and I would love to hear what you're playing these days. Maybe after dinner.
I don't really need to practice. I just play a few notes, you know, so I thought maybe I'd stay in.
I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore.
They need the money for my band uniform at school.
Oh Wendy.
Well, I saw what I saw, and if you don't want to believe me --
We've been through this Wendy James Taylor was actually at that clinic up near Boston.
I know. They're rich drug addicts and celebrities. When I saw James Taylor there, and --
The people at Silver Meadows aren't psychos.
You're not a psycho!
Wendy, of course. I'm sorry. You must think I'm ripe to be checked into Silver Meadows.
Mom. Are you ok?
Weightless almost -- as if I were seeing my own memories of being a girl. There was something internal about it.
We were just riding around.
Mikey Williams?
Nobody.
Who?
With Mikey?
I saw you on your bike today.
Hi Wendy.
Hi mom.
None at all. I'll leave it in front of your garage. Happy Thanksgiving.
Thanks for the lift. If the bike's any bother--
Here you are.
You don't have to apologize. I'm too much of a cynic. You actually seem to be trying to figure things out -- don't mind me.
I'm that predictable? No, you don't have to answer that. It's just that with the kids almost grown --
Educated guess.
How'd you know?
Social work?
I'm thinking of going back to school.
It's not like we're too busy.
I used to know how to cook.
Thanks for eating it. I don't know why I even pretend I can cook.
Thanks again. For the dinner.
Of course.
It's really quite all right.
Oh.
I insist.  Don't touch them.
It's not a bother.
Please don't.
I'm going to try hard not to understand the implications of that simile.
Sometimes the shepherd needs the company of the sheep.
You're here... I'm a bit surprised.
Perhaps you might find it in your heart to call me Philip?
Reverend Edwards.
That I will indeed.
I'm afraid people around here provide her with quite a bit to gossip about.  Take care.
I'm afraid she's something of a gossip, isn't she?
Ouch.
And you're still trying to get me into bed.
Now you are being rude.
But not too ashamed.
You weren't. You actually, for some reason, you have the effect on me of making me feel just a tiny bit ashamed of myself.
I'm sorry. That was stupid of me. I didn't mean to be so rude.
If that's a potential you see yourself fulfilling... I mean...  My, I sound a bit --
I would say it sounds like you're trying to get me into bed.
Self-realization. Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential. Would you believe me if I told you I want you to see yourself reach your fullest potential and self-realization?
That's right.
You ask what the point is?
All well and good -- But tell me again what is it exactly that you believe in?
-- And God the angry parent, and the Spirit the hope of an integrated adult self.
You're saying that Christ is the child, and --
In many ways, the church-bound tradition of the father, son, and holy ghost is simply a version of the parent-child-adult triad within us all. It's a primitive set of symbols for our inner psychology.
Forget how to ride a bike.
Forget what?
They say you never forget.
My daughter. I haven't been on a bike for years.  When was the last time you rode a bike?
Well I of course flatter myself that our church is not exactly what most people would call organized religion -- at times it's the disorganization that's liberating -- and of course I've begun to minister much more in what one might call therapeutic environments, in small groups, and one on one, couples --
I suppose my reluctance was the group aspect of it -- I've never been much of a joiner, although I still consider myself a somewhat religious person --
It's been a tremendously transformative year -- maybe a little controversial of course, but we're breaking down the old Unitarian barriers --
No need to make excuses --
Yes, it was -- I ended up --
Reverend Edwards. Philip Edwards. You came by and checked out the congregation a couple of times last year.
Yes.
Elena. Elena Hood, am I right?
One for you and one for me.
Pharmaceutical! You are a god.
Check it out. Not for the faint of heart.
Like into one of the other 20 or so bathrooms they've got in this place.
And whence has yon virginal maiden absconded?
Moisture! Moisture!
Huh?
All will be revealed, baby.
Francis. You gonna leave the seeds in there? In the binding like that?
You oughtta read this Hood, Nixon, our leader, all ye need know about the travails of life. Check out the Checkers speech stuff.
My man, I speak to you solely as a comrade in arms offering unconditional aid. I've been giving this one a lot of thought, and I believe that the two of you together might just reach that higher ground that --
Shit. You're not planning --
Am I right or am I right?
What do you mean?
Aha! I could sense the vibe.
What?
Um, Libbets Casey.
Sleep all day. I mean, look, it's already getting dark outside, and you're just getting up.
Do what?
How can you do that man?
And remember, with your erogenous zones lubricated as such with the mighty herb, do not attempt terrestrial contact with members of the opposite sex -- because you drone on like a motherfucker when you're stoned.
Flame on, asshole.
Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you.
Where you going?
See ya.
No more man. I'm about to drop as it is.
I gotta get to English class.
Paul, cancel your mental appointments, baby. What are you, like still stoned from last night?
Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields.
Waste not Master Hood -- that was $20 for the bag.
The water, as you call it, is a special mixture of amaretto and Ben&Ben blended for just the exact chemical interaction with the last of our precious Thai stick.
I hope you changed the water in that bong from last night.
Arise and shine, young Hood.
Let's see!
Come on Paulie, share the wealth. You copped 'em from her mom's stash anyway.
Groovy.  Young master of the revels, a treat for our hostess?
No candy for me?
Yeah, Paul, are you gonna get home okay?
Everything's gonna freeze, the big freeze.
Howdy there. You, young knight. Can you check on the mead? Can you sally forth and secure us some more mead?
Major.
Awesome sleet and rain.
Hell, I guess he takes after me, huh?
Tonight? Jim, he's been out of it since he was born.
You notice anything with Mikey lately? The kid seemed a little out of it tonight, eh?
Just be careful.
Sorry honey. Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.
Jesus, Jim!
Play with the whip.
No!
It's not packed with explosives, is it?
You know, it's the whip -- the one uncle Frank got me from Mexico.
Would it matter?  And what's that?
You going to tell dad?
Hey.  I'll take this stuff.
Hah hah you're funny. A bath. Like a brother and sister. Oh man, I'm so wasted.
Right. Cool. So, how about we take a bath together?
I do.
And I have a feeling for you too, because you're just like -- I feel for you like you're -- you're just like --
You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you --
And I have a special feeling too, because I do. It's special.
It's like very positive, and I feel a real special feeling, because you really --
My what?
Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off.
Yeah but you don't even know me really.
You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you --
Yeah.
Thanks for the advice dad.
Maybe you should have just a half.
What is it?
Well, uh, I don't, it's really --
Hey, it's a sellable skill.
Frankie opens them with his teeth.
The Idiot.
Great, thanks for the tip.
If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot.
The Idiot?
Um, Libbets. Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot?
Good thinking Marge.
Since he sleeps with every girl you ever show an interest in, why don't you just keep your Libbets thing a secret from him?
You think Francis is going to beat me to the punch here?
They did it last year too. It's like traditional or something. They've got this humongoid Park Ave apartment and she just holes up there with a wad of cash.  Aren't the hugely wealthy sad?
How do you know this shit?
My diagnosis is messed in the head. A poor little rich girl -- I mean check out the jeans and fur look. And lend your ears to this brutality. Like her mom and step dad and her step-sisters are going to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they didn't invite her!
Truly? Do speak.
That's good, because I don't think Libbets is capable of the sex act.
It's beyond mere physical attraction.
Yeah, well, you've been in love with like every other girl here, I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets.
I'm in love with Libbets Casey.
Yeah. When it freezes, I guess that means the molecules are not moving. So when you breathe, there's nothing in the air, you know, to breathe in to your body. The molecules have stopped. So it's clean.
It's freezing.
Out.
Where you going?
I'm not good at math. Just geometry.
Why are you so good at math but not in English?
Sure, anything but this English.
Geometry?
Yeah?
Mikey?
I don't have a girlfriend.
No one.
Who said so?
Stupid!  Is Wendy Hood your girlfriend?
Yeah.
I'm sorry if I got you into trouble. Maybe we don't have to, you know... unless you really want to.
Maybe. Can't really tell yet.
You get in trouble?
Yeah. Yours?
You're parents at that party?
4:30 movie. When Worlds Collide.
Huh?
When worlds collide.
Wendy!
Wow!
You like him? He worships you.
I don't know.
Why did you -- with Sandy?
I don't know.
Maybe we can mess around. You know, only if you want to...
There's a TV in the basement.
Maybe we can just watch some TV.
See, no one's here. Maybe you want to go to the basement?
I dunno. I --
You have to follow me?
Then why'd you come after me?
I don't ever want to see you.
Tell Sandy? What?
Did you tell Sandy?
I'm chewing.
Sure.  Twinkie?
Want some gum?
I have plans.
What are you doing at home on a Friday night?
Right.
Shit. I can't really talk about it. I guess I better get to the train.
And?
I'm, uh, in the midst of a moral dilemma. And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and --
Um, ten-o-five. Why? Where are you?
What time is it?
Is this Charles?
Charles, what time is it?
Hood residence.
Libbets? What kind of a name is Libbets?
Her name's Libbets.
With who?
It's a one-on-one kind of date thing.
Can I come?
Calling an individual, Charles, in New York. Confirming a social outing for Friday night.
Why don't you use the phone downstairs?
May I operate your telephonic apparatus?
Yeah well wait till mom opens her mouth.
I don't know. Dad seems a little weird.
Dad's like doing his Up With People routine, mom hasn't been saying much.
How are the parental units functioning these days?
Greetings, Charles.
Hello, Charles.
Nixon, doofus! It's incredible. He should be shot.
Watching what?
I have not touched your sh--  Stuff. You watching this?
Charles. Have you been keeping out of my shit? Have you refrained from entering the sacred precincts of my room?
Charles.
I don't know either. You spin around, when you lie down.
I don't know. How do I know?
That's nice. Are you drunk?
I love you.
That's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff, like after a sexy dream.
Huh?
Have you ever had a nocturnal emission?
Okay.
One more shot?
It feels warm.
You never tasted the stuff?
Vodka?
Want a drink?
Don't worry about them. They're at that party, getting drunk and falling all over each other and making jokes about McGovern and stuff.
We -- we have to go to the guest room. We can't stay in here. What if Mikey? My parents?
They left it in the jungle.
Communist Viet Cong.
Well.  It looks like someone got to his private parts before us.
He wouldn't blow up. He'd just get all mangled or twisted.
If it wasn't raining we could take him outside and blow him up.
He's dead.
No.
Are you his girlfriend?
Yeah.
Mike's out -- I think he went to Silver Meadow to see if you were hanging around there.
Just thought I'd stop by.
What are you doing?
Sandy, you scared the shit out of me.
Yeah.
I have to go to the bathroom.
They were old. And they couldn't fly anyhow. I'm going to get a radio-controlled airplane at Christmas, and then I'll stuff it full of m-80s and then fly it into Mrs. Burgess's English class and blow it up.
The ones you built?
All my model planes.
Hey Sandy, what were you blowing up out there? Your mom was pretty p.o.'d.
Well, you can...
Yeah? See ya.
Mikey was looking for you.
Hey Sandy.
Hey Wendy.
