She's in her room.
Where is Miss Wollsten?
The Greeks thought death was beautiful -- an adventure --a journey to another world.  But I have my other guests to think of -- The General will be wanting to go back to his army. If you'll excuse me --
How disappointing! I expected it was something more romantic. A temple to the Goddess of Love, perhaps.
This was the temple of Hades --the God of the Dead. It contained no images -- just empty space and walls of perfect symmetry.
How clover you are, Mr. Albrecht, to see all that in our simple Thea... She is quite pretty, isn't she?
You don't have to. It's inside of you -- all the glory that was Greece -— the dancing, the singing and the white marble --
May life be good to you both. As for the others —— they will be quiet here —— and I will be with them.
Goodbye.
Thank you, I'll do that. Good night.
Go ahead. I'll wake you up when I go to bed. Then you can watch him.
Well ——
Don't bother. Go to bed and get some sleep. I'll be working late.  I can hear any movement down here.
All the more reason to watch him. He's had some wild notions lately.
He won't even know you're there. He is delirious.
I'll go up and take a look at the General —- perhaps sit with him.
Our friend, Poseidon, didn't use it for fishing. He raked the sea with it and stirred up the big waves.
It doesn't look much like the fish spears I knew back in Marblehead..
In case you do so, would you --
I'd like to, very much -- but it depends on what dispatches are waiting for me on the mainland.
Or even spirit messages from the next world.
I wonder if my editor's psychic? Reports from the Greek front are going to be a little vague.
That staggering. His dying so quickly.  In your campaigns, have you never seen men who staggered before they died, who talked incoherently —— walked blindly.
He complained of not feeling well. I thought he was drunk ——	he staggered.
He's dead. I want the General to see him.
Drunk again?
I need your advice —— something has happened —— Mr.  Jacks ——
Why don't you stay here tonight? Get a good sleep. You can return to your command in the morning.
He is exhausted.
You collect these to sell, abroad?
But the gods played a little trick on me. I was born in Switzerland.
It is my home.  My name is Hugo Albrecht.
This is General Nikolas Pherides, Commander of the Third Army. I'm Oliver Davis.  To be perfectly frank with you, we didn't expect to find anyone living here.
I took it for granted you gentlemen were refugees as are my other guests.
I must meet him with laughter - with songs and laughter -- to show him I am not afraid --
I'm here. The General is here. You are not alone.
You can have your servants prepare a dinner. That is the way I'll meet my old- familiar enemy -- Death --I have fought him before. I've won often. Now he wins. Let him come for me at my own banquet.
My friend -- what can one say --
) You feel the symptoms?
I just came to see if your prayer would entertain me as much as my medicine seems to amuse you.
I suppose you want to hear my prayer to Hermes.
Very well. I'll wager a dinner.
We will see who is the first to die.
Let us put it to the test. Protect yourself with every scientific precaution you can think of. I'll go out on the cliff and build a votive fire to Hermes -- not that I believe in him any more than I do in Science.
You're just talking nonsense.
I have lived long enough to doubt everything -- which is to say, I believe everything, a little.
She's right. This is hardly the time to bandy old tales.
They used to believe that sort of thing in the mountain villages. Some still do --
The ancient Greeks had just as good an explanation -- that the gods sent the plague to punish mortals for harboring Vrykolaka --
Good winds and bad winds!
If the wind shifts, if the sirocco blows -- the hot wind from the South -- all danger will be over in twenty-four hours.
Maybe you're right. Help me get something to carry her downstairs.
No.  She shall not be left here.
Another sad task. We'll bury her tomorrow.  I think we'd better lock the door for tonight. It will make them less uncomfortable.
Did your servant got word to Dr. Drossos?
That's impossible. I told them Jacks died of a sudden heart attack, probably brought on by over drinking.
Did you hear what Thea said -- as if she knew what threatens us.
In the meantime it would be useless to alarm the others.  Let them think it was a normal  And, perhaps it was —- perhaps it was.
We will know when the next one sickens.  Until then you and I remain here. I will not bring the plague to my troops.
I'm not sure that it is the plague.
I'll get Ida to make up your bed.
Perhaps I had better stay. I am tired.
I donut understand.
I'm afraid so. There were rumors ——people were aroused. Some feared restlessness among the dead you know, the old superstitions.
All the graves?
There was some trouble here ——the villagers on the mainland —-this island was the focal point of their anger. They came here ——broke open the tombs and despoiled the graves.
But why?
They were gore before I came here.
The enemy is in retreat. There will be no more fighting here.  I came here to visit the crypts. My wife was buried here. What happened to the bodies?
This was once a cemetery.
I have not been on the island in twenty years. It is changed - changed completely. Where are the graves -- the coffins?
I don't know now without my father.
If Mr. Albrecht is right, we'll all be free in a few days.  I suppose you'll be going on to Athens?
If only we could get away - - you and I. The others are strangers, they mean nothing to me
There's no reason to decide any of us are going to die.
Last night Dr. Drossos -- today you or I -- oh, no, Oliver, it can't be you, I couldn't stand it.
Poor Cathy --
My father -- I'm alone, Oliver, completely alone!
Closer and closer —- until they bite into your throat!
Sharp, shiny teeth -- and they creep up to your bed --
Tell me about them, Thea. They have great wings end long teeth --
On my word! That's what they believe.
Oh, no -— it's too delicious! You're making it up!
I think she went to bed —— I saw her going toward the house
Where's Thea?
No one can take my father's place.
I know it must be hard. But you have relatives in London --you've got a whole world of living, ahead of you --
I think not.
You're not leaving tomorrow..?
Sleep well.
Good night, Oliver.
Thank you.
How could we go back to the wars with such pleasant company here..
I'm glad you and the General didn't have to leave us. We would feel quite deserted..
Of course. Tomorrow, perhaps, before I go?
I adore hearing Thea sing -- but my poor head's beginning to ache.  I'm so sorry.
M~ father will take care of it.  Pappa is wonderful! No matter what happens, he makes me feel perfectly safe.  I could never leave him. I should be utterly helpless by myself.
I hope Mr. Jacks gets to bed in one piece.
That was my companion. She sings little peasant songs quite nicely -- a completely untrained voice, of course.
You were singing, weren't you? A beautiful voice, Miss St. Aubyn.
They shall not hurt you
Shh——— it's all right -— I'll be all right.
In the morning -- go. I'll not die until then —- I'll not die —— I'll watch -— they shall not hurt you.
It's getting dark. I can't leave now.
No, that's Thea's bed. Miss Wollsten's bed is in there.
Miss Wollsten shares the room with you?
How kind you are. It is so comforting to know that someone cares.
I have been troubled about you. I want you to know that my room is just downstairs --  You have only to cry out if you are ill —— or frightened.
I was looking for you.
What are you doing?
How old is she?
She has never mentioned her family.
Has she spoken to you of her father and her mother?
Some village in the mountains -- Alethera, I think.
Has that girl -- has Thea ever told you where she comes from?
I'm so ill, I'm so exhausted -- I almost don't care.
Poor child. These must be horrible days for you.
We quarreled. She never dared get angry or frightened -- but I said things to her -- it was an attack, I know it was.
It was, the plague
Suppose, she isn't dead. Suppose it was a cataleptic attack?
She is dead — at peace.
When I close my eyes, I see Miss Wollsten. I can't think of anything else.
You should sleep, Cathy. Lie down and close your eyes. Try to forget everything.
I will let him go. He is dead to me as he is to all my mother's people. I turn my hand against him.
That should decide it or you --
I felt he did not like me.
I don't know. As a child. I longed for a father and now —- I don't know ——
Come, Thea, if you're going to claim him as your father you've got to make up your mind. They'll be leaving any minute.
The General — you don't even know him.
But one must love a father.
Thea, your choice is a very simple one. Either you want to claim him as your father, or you do not.
My last name is Pherides.
I have forgotten it, dear.
You have forgotten my last name?
What is it -- what are you talking about?
I do not know him, but I have seen him.
Thea -- you're hiding something. Why do you suddenly speak of your father? You told me once you had never seen him -- didn't know him --
Why, I love my father because - because I do. Of course, he's nice to me.
I mean, does one love a father because he is good and kind -—or just because he is one's father?
What an odd question!
Cathy —- how does it feel to have a father?
Thea is an orphan.
You are fortunate in your father.
And the soldier -- He looked at me so strangely -- who is he?
The young man, Mr. Davis, seems to be some kind of an unofficial observer —— a correspondent of some sort ——
Wouldn't I?
You wouldn't tell that ——
When I tell him that you're unfit to live a normal life with normal people —- a cataleptic!
You'd do anything to get Oliver away from Thea. But I'm going to stop you. I'm going to tell Mr. Davis exactly what you are.
Really, this is idiotic!
You've been playing on the superstitions of that poor old man — — working at him — — turning him against Thea.
Would you care to explain what you're talking about?
I've always known what an evil mind lay behind that pretty weak face of yours —— but this, Cathy -- even I would never have believed it is of you.
No. I mean your other secret -—	the one you kept bidden even from my father. That old doctor in London -- he told me.
That your father and I ——
You will not say one single word. I know your secret.
You're planing something, Cathy.. But I won't let you —- I'll warn them against you.
Why, I'm fond of Thea.
) But Thea -- She stands in your way. I know you. I know your little hints —— the way you can turn the truth into a lie --
What if he is?
Mr. Davis seems a good prospect ——young handsome, sympathetic -- ready to listen to you and feel sorry for you - -
What would I be thinking?
Didn't you? But now -- what are you thinking now?
You were father's secretary -— I never thought - -
Your father loved me.  He wanted to marry me. But he was afraid of hurting the gentle, delicate Cathy. You spoiled his life ——you've ruined mine ——
How do you know what my father thought - -
Your father knew it too. But he was never sure how much was pretense.
You and your mysterious illness. A new attack everytime you are crossed — everytime you can't get your own way.
Miss Wollsten!
They were talking about the Vrykolakas this morning. Cathy, that's what you are —— a weak, pale, half-dead thing that drains all the life and joy from those who want to live.
Whet do you mean?
I wish I didn't have such bitter knowledge of you, Cathy.
Never fear -- when you are dead you will remain dead. I will see to it that you do not walk about again. I promise you that. There is another one here who can not die. I will watch you both. Never fear.
That's superstition. That's something out of old tales -- about the dead who live —- I'm talking of something else --cataleptic attacks -- apparent death that is not real.
You ask that of me? You're afraid to live in your coffin. You know what that means?
No, I want more than that. I beg you General, make sure --drive a knife through my heart -- anything.
If you should fall sick we'll be careful. You need not worry.
I don't want to be buried alive. If I die I want to be sure —- quite sure.
I don't understand you.
I have not had a happy life --but that one thing - - that terror which brings me awake out of deep sleep —- I want to avoid it.
Yes?
I'm a woman -- a lonely woman. I have few friends.
He's dead enough. God rest his soul.
Because he was a brave man - because I liked him -- I came here to be sure.
He sleeps quietly. He died with a wine glass in his hand -- he died laughing -- a brave man, Drossos, like his father before him.
I wanted to be sure of something, General -- something that has always preyed on my mind. I have a horror of being buried alive and awakening to find myself shut in —- entombed —— imprisoned..
Woman, what are you doing here?
I don't care who he is. He doesn't know.	He can't tell ——
This is Dr. Drossos, chief medical officer of my division.
No. No. I won't believe it. He's not dead.
I will go with you.
This girl -- Thea —- is not a servant in my household, sir. She is my daughter's companion. Now, sir, if you'll excuse me, I'll go have a look at Mr. Jacks.
This girl --
Why -- no not before Thea came ——
Was she ill before that girl came into your household?
Nothing, really. She's been under a great strain -- the journey -- the battle --
What is her illness?
She's not too well.
Your daughter is ill.
Miss Wollsten -— my secretary, she'd know.
You do not know her last name -- you do not know from where she came?
Damn me, if I know. She's become so much a member of our household I never think of her by any name but Thea -- she has a last name --
Her family name?
Theodosia.
Her name is Thea?
I don't really know where Thea comes from. The Vice—Consul at Adrianople brought her to me..
She was born before your wife returned here to die. You never knew.
Daughter -- my daughter --
Not Theodosia. Theodosia's daughter -- your daughter.
Theodosia --
I shall not leave the island ——
Come —- you'll feel yourself again as soon as we get off this dismal island.
I have had command for the last time —-
When you make sense I'll listen.
Listen to what I say --
That's ridiculous -- Thea's lovely, gentle —-
If I told you —— you wouldn't believe me -- but this much I can tell you —— the girl is dangerous to you. Take a friend's advice -- an old man' s advice -- leave her alone -—
And I'm your friend —— but that doesn't explain why you are always trying to come between Thea and me?
You are my friend.
I had a notion you had become self—appointed chaperone lately — why?
In a way -- this girl, Thea. You must stay away from her.
Is this what you wanted to speak to me about?
I don' t know. When I was gone the people from her village came to my home seeking vengeance. They bore her away with them. Months later she came back ——pale -- sick -- she died --
How did she die?
She was beautiful. There was blood between her family and my kin. But that did not stop me from taking her when I saw her beauty, nor did it stop her from loving me.
If she looked like Thea, she must have been beautiful.
Thea is so like her —— in every feature ——
Dr. Drossos will tell us. We will know what to do then.
We still don't know that it's the plague ——
Better no general than one carrying the plague.
But the war, the army —— they need you.
Until we know, what choice is there? We have to stay.
The rider on the pale horse is Pestilence. He follows the wars.
Plague? There's no possibility of that, is there?
I've seen men die drunk —- and I've seen men die of the plague.
We have no time for that.
Well, at any rate, I would like to say goodbye to the girl.
It is not necessary to understand. We are leaving and I am thankful.
I can't understand that.
It makes me fear her.
But that should make you like her.
I know all you are going to say —-I have been saying it to myself, but the thought will not leave my mind. She resembles my wife -—there is something about her ——the way she moves —— the way she turns her head.
Oh, now —— now look here ——
There is something evil about her.
Thea?
I will be glad to leave this island. It has too much of that old dark world about it. I will be glad to leave it and that girl ——
It doesn't seem to bother you much, General.
You are a happy man Oliver. You have but one world to live in —- the world of today. I have two worlds. I have that old dark world of peasant ignorance and superstition in which I was brought up and a new world which the army gave me —— a world of mathematics, gun ranges,logistics, tactics, strategy.
Maybe you've got the wrong crypt —— after all it's twenty years when you wore last here.
She is not there. The coffin is gone.
I'll only go as far as the shore and wait for you.
There's no one there -— nothing but the caves and the dead.
Do you mind if I go with you?
You were at those battles as a spectator — — I wonder if you can think what that sound might mean to me —— those men out there —— dead or dying —— by my order -- because I willed it so.
I heard the same sound at Ladysmith, at Nukden, Port Arthur.  What do you expect after a battle?
You know that sound, Oliver?
In the New York Morning Globe, the man who wins victory is always a hero. -
Hero?
Why not Take the doctor's advice? You're the hero of the battle of Corphon.
No -- you musn't. He thinks I've bewitched you. He won't believe it —- he'll hate me even more! My only chance is to stay away from him.
Let me tell him. When he knows you are his child, he'll forget these insane notions -—
For a moment, when he looked at me so sadly, I felt that I had wronged him. But then --
Because she loved him.  I know him, Thea. Believe me, he is not a cruel man.
Then why does he persecute me? My family told me what kind of man he is, how he stole my mother and then abandoned her --
I don't think so, Thea. He has spoken of your mother. I don't believe he knows you are his daughter.
It is for that he hates me.
Thea, what is this? What are you trying to tell me? "He stole your mother" —-
It is more than a feud between two families. He stole my mother away from her people.
I knew that feuds still went on, but I didn't think people like you and the General would be involved.
He hates all my race.
Why in the world can't you?
I can't.
Well, tell, him.
He keeps asking for the name of my father and mother.
Oh, that Vrykolaka business. You mustn't be too angry with him, Thea. He's an old man and now with all this trouble —— the disappointment in not being able to lead his own army to victory -- cooped up here waiting for death - naturally his mind goes back to the things he believed when he was an ignorant lad in some mountain village.
The General threatened me.
Thea, what's wrong?
You see? Thea believes it, too!
Please.. You shouldn't laugh --
Don't let it trouble you. He's an old man and these last few days have been a terrible strain on him. He won't harm you.
Sometimes when he looks at me in that strange way, I'm afraid of him.
What's bothering you, Thea? Is it the General?
Everything's so simple. I like you.
I don't know. Everything's so mixed up --
You're crying. Why?
