No, no... listen, when I get back to New York we'll meet with the Board.
You want to put in chain saws?
Chain saws.
Hey, smart-ass, I'm up here right now in a... luxury alpine retreat, with a two million dollar view of the lake.
Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho...
You tell them if they come up to seventy-five, I'll cut them in on the Crystal Lake package.
Ken, we've been through this...
Fifty? We need seventy-five.
Fifty.
Really? How much?
Ken, it's Bruce. Listen, we've got a nibble on the Pendleton financing.
Hello?
I want to look at the rest of the house.
I really think we should go back...
There doesn't seem to be any water damage. Kind of cozy, actually.
Help me with this.
Mister Biller... now that we can see the lake, I think we should follow the shoreline to --
Structure might be salvageable... let's see what the interior looks like.
You learn something new every day. Let's go.
I didn't think there were any houses up here...
I know... but we left the main trail... and I can't find any landmarks around here... I've been trying to figure it out but...
You have a map.
I think we're lost.
Yeah?
Mister Biller?
Great.
Okay... well... I think it's this way...
Get rid of them.
Just a deer, Mister Biller. Part of the local wildlife.
Jesus Christ!
I don't think you're getting in the spirit of things, Janet. We'll buy whatever studies we need --
Logging? We'll need an environmental impact study for that...
Beautiful trees... sturdy trunks... lots of branches...  We can do some great logging up here.
We're not talking about truth, we're talking about perception. And the perception is that Crystal Lake means inbred psychopaths running around the hills with axes and hockey masks chopping up teenagers.  That, my dear, is what we call an _image problem_.
That's not true...
And do you think they like the fact that half the country thinks Crystal Lake is filled with corpses?
No, but...
Do you think they like the fact that tourism has dropped ninety-eight percent in the last ten years?
I don't think the people who live around here would like that very much...
Jas... Jason Voorhees... he's here...
Janet, goddamnit, what's going on?
Oh my god... this is his house... _we're in his fucking house_...
Who's there?
He... he's here...
Janet, are you okay? Are you there?
Yeah. Ken said there was another guy there... _big_ guy... then he dropped the phone. What's going on?
Other guy?
What about that other guy?
I don't know...
Where's Ken? Is he all right?
This is Janet Davenport -- I'm the Realtor.
Who is this? What's going on?
Hello?
Come on.
Who?
_Krueger_...
What happened?
His camera... it's still recording.
What?
It's still on.
Some kind of emergency back at the Sheriff's Station. Four deputies shot... some kind of explosion... I don't know what's going on, but they're panicking back there.
What's going on?
Fuck you.
I can't wait to hear your opening argument.	"Ladies and Gentlemen	of the Jury... the Defense will prove that Jason Voorhees did not kill all of these people. They, in fact, committed mass suicide and then buried themselves in his back yard..."
I know how this sounds, but that's what happened.
Ruby, come on. You witnessed a brutal triple murder and you're having trouble accepting it.  Think about what you're saying. You really expect a jury to believe that Jason has a mystery killer living in his tummy?
You're about to be a media darling -- you might want to dress the part.
What?
And we're in the center ring.  You sure you want to wear that blazer?
Quite a circus.
That's my job.
I seem to recall arguing the same thing in court while you were trying to file murder-one charges.
I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand.
Two.
Did you find a scalpel? Did you find a murder weapon?
Take it easy, Ruby...	it's all right.  Now, try to think clearly... don't you mean _Jason's_ hand... don't you mean he grabbed a scalpel and slashed Doctor Layton's throat?
And this hand... it... it slashed Doctor Layton's throat... and the Deputy. Then it grabbed Danny by the head...  And it pulled his head right down into his chest... I couldn't... Hayes lays a hand his shoulder.
Jason's. It came out of his chest... a hand with long blades on the fingers...
Who's chest?
That's right... it... it came right out of his chest...
He doesn't look like he's going anywhere, Bill. And if necessary, I can get a judicial order reaffirming the right of my client to speak to his attorney in private.
Ruby... this guy almost took out an entire Tactical Response Team. You can't expect me to just leave you --
That's right. Wasn't on any of the maps... we could barely see it through the underbrush. Place must've been abandoned for twenty years.
A house?
Compared to this guy... amateur.
I thought that was Ted Bundy.
Shit. We're still putting the victim list together. You'll need a forklift for the case file. I suggest you hire some help, and don't expect to get a lot of sleep for the next few months.  You're about to defend the most notorious serial killer in American history.
What are the charges?
Your... client is being booked right now. He'll be in cell five.
Three.  Where's my client?
A seminal film. First ever depiction of a fully nude triple impalement.
"Zombie Sluts From Beyond the Grave."
This is a legitimate cinematic genre. Just like Westerns, Comedies, Film Noire, Science Fiction...
You watch this garbage?
I don't know if anything's going to work in this case. Therefore, we have to try everything.
You think that's going to work?
Wrong. Jason can't get a fair trial because of _these_.
Because everyone knows he's guilty...
So... why can't Jason get a fair trial?
Video store?
Now... I think the video store's open for another couple of hours. Let's go.
It's all right.  Now... we're going to need a really good head-doctor for this. Someone who can get up on the stand and tell the jury that our client is mentally insane and has been for years...  We'll go through a dozen doctors before we find one who's willing to testify for us.
Sorry.
I think it's our best bet. They're taking apart his house right now... they found weapons, blood, a mountain of evidence. We can't say he was framed.
Are you going to plead insanity?
My client... is dead.  But I think he's a free man.
What happened? Where's Jason?
For the moment! You've only got about two minutes left! Hurry! Ruby takes off towards the Cineplex...
Are you all right?
Let's split up. You take the left side, I'll take the right. We'll meet in front of the Cineplex.
We're down to seven minutes.
If I give you a bigger dose, it'll give you a heart attack.
Ten minutes...
About ten minutes.
How long will the effect last?
Ten CC's of this shit and you won't be dreaming about anything.
So you think it might counteract Krueger's ability to make us hallucinate?
_Neurolar_. It's a stimulant -- it's also a serotonin inhibitor. It suppresses all electrical activity in the hippocampus... the part of the brain that controls dreaming.
What's that?
Then we're all in a lot of trouble.
And if he's not?
Krueger's in the real world... maybe he's mortal, like us.
Think it'll do any good?
I used to go hunting with my father when I was a kid.
You know how to use one of those?
Krueger's the greater danger right now. We have to stop him.  _Springwood_. That's where he'll go. That's where he's always gone.	But Springwood's not like Crystal Lake. There's a couple hundred thousand people there. He could be anywhere.
Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose.
I don't know... but I think he's pissed.
Where's he going?
Except this victim got away. I wonder if --
If I'm right, this happened before the Krueger murders in Springwood.  That means that Jason might've been Krueger's first victim.
Alone... but with a murderous fury inside him... which led him to kill dozens of people.
So Krueger thinks Jason's dead... leaves him in the lake... but the boy actually wakes up on the shore... crawls off into the woods... where he lives the rest of his life alone.
Jason's asleep... maybe he's dreaming of himself as a young boy... and that boy is sitting right here.  I think he's some kind of projection from Jason's subconscious.
How's that possible?
This is Jason's REM pattern... and this is the boy's REM pattern. They're identical.
Checking out a theory. Just keep talking to him.
What are you doing?
A cameraman caught him on videotape. Joe, I saw an entire sheriff's squad fighting and losing against an enemy that wasn't there...
You saw him?
It was Krueger, wasn't it?
It's all right. I'm simply in shock... this is what happens to people when they experience events they can't understand or comprehend. The mind shuts down temporarily and tries to shield itself from the horrific imagery it's been exposed to.  I'm going to need a lot of therapy.
I was there once... that was enough. Besides... I have to go out to Jason's house tomorrow.  They're... digging up some new evidence.
You're not going to be there?
I'll have to lean on them pretty hard after what happened last night... but I think I can do it.  Let me know what happens.
Tomorrow. If you can clear it with the Sheriff's department.
Great.	When can you do it?
Then I'd say we should put Jason under again... run another tape on him and see what happens. We'll get extra data this time. Video... infrared... the works.
Not yet.
I don't suppose I can go back to the University and chase young coeds again... pretend this whole thing never happened...
So what do we do?
Add it to the list.
That doesn't make sense.
It's as though there were two people in that room... both of them asleep... both of them dreaming.
_It's a second REM pattern_.
Yeah, what is it?
See this?
Yeah... I think I understand...  You're drunk, too.
Don't you see? Jason was _asleep_. And he was dreaming -- the REM patterns prove that. And I saw finger blades just like Krueger's come out of Jason's chest. There has to be a connection.
Uh-huh...
That's right. The murders in the eighties were never solved.  But... there were teenaged witnesses who said Krueger had the ability to appear in your dreams... and that if he killed you in a dream, it would kill you in the real world.
I thought you said Krueger burned to death.
Now.... according to the file, Krueger was burned to death in a fire in 1968. But get this -- beginning in 1984, there was _another_ series of murders in Springwood. All teenagers... all killed in their sleep... all killed with finger blades just like Krueger's.
Fascinating.
He was a child killer in the late sixties... in a town called Springwood about eight miles from here.  Guess what his murder weapon was? A glove with six-inch blades.
Krueger... doesn't ring a bell.
Well, I'm onto something more useful.  You ever hear of a man named Fred Krueger?
Me too. I'm drunk.
I think I'm onto something, Joe.
He's my client, and this is important. Enjoy your waitresses.
There's nothing to see here. He sleeps... we record it. That's all that happens.
I'll take my chances. Come on, I'm buying.
That's open to debate.
Cute waitresses?
There's a pizza place over on Market.
Well, that's it. He'll be asleep in a few minutes, but his first REM-cycle probably won't kick in for another hour or so.  Is there a place we can get something to eat in this town?
We're going to need at least two full REM cycles to get a clear neurological profile. Three hours minimum, six hours ideal.
How long will he need to be asleep?
Then I'd say it's bedtime for Jason.
Simple. We sedate him, induce a somnolesent state, and study his REM patterns when he's unconscious.  If he has the disorder, his REMS will be highly abnormal. Ruby smiles.
How do we prove it?
Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed.
If we could prove that Jason suffers from this disorder... and that his homicidal behavior has been a direct result of a medical condition...
Insomnolesence has been known to cause psychotic episodes... delusions...
So Jason doesn't sleep... how does that help us?
It's a neurological disorder affecting the hypothalamus. The part of the brain that causes sleepiness is inactive. They didn't know about it back in the sixties. Even now, it's not understood very well.
Insomnolesence...
It's rare... but there are cases where people go for years without sleep.  They diagnosed Jason with simple insomnia... but that's not what it looks like to me. He has every indication of having _insomnolesence_.
That's pretty weird. Is it possible for someone to not sleep for months?
The mother said the boy hadn't slept for over three _months_. A physical examination showed dilated pupils, temperature of one-oh-two, blood chemistry highly imbalanced...
Wait a minute. Let me see that. She hands him the file.
Not much here. Jason was brought in a couple more times for insomnia... that's about it.
You're obviously going through a critical moral dilemma. And you're putting up barriers against anyone who tries to probe your conscience.  But it is heartening to know that you do have a conscience.
Oh?
No. You've told me all I need to know.
What do you want -- a tidy psychological profile? You want to hear that I was falsely accused of a crime I didn't commit... and that's driven me to defend others? Or maybe you want to me to get in touch with my feelings... talk about my childhood...
That didn't sound very convincing.
I don't "rationalize" anything. I'm his lawyer -- he's my client. That's all.
Don't get me wrong. I don't care. But the professional part of me is interested in how you rationalize what you do.
My job is not to determine his guilt or innocence. That's up to the jury. My job is defend him.
So, what are you saying... that he didn't kill all those people?
Well, Jason _was_ in a canoe accident in 1967 and presumed drowned. His mother died a few years later after a long bout with cancer. Some time in the early eighties, there were a string of murders out by Crystal Lake...  People started saying it was Jason... back from the dead.
None of that's true?
That's the problem with this case. Everyone thinks they know Jason's life story. But they don't. What you're remembering is a _movie_. Fiction.	In the movie, Jason's mother runs around, killing people after Jason drowns in Crystal Lake
I thought she was a killer, too. You know... that she chopped up a bunch of teenage camp counselors... before she was decapitated.
So?
I don't believe it. Jason's mother died of ovarian cancer in 1969.
Well, I definitely feel sorry for you.  August fourteenth, 1956... Jason was brought in by his mother, who said the boy hadn't slept for two weeks. Doctor prescribed Valium...
No need. I'm self-diagnosed. I have severe nympholepsy...  And I'm a bed-wetter.
This sexual obsession of yours. Have you considered going into therapy yourself?
Nurses. That's why I went into medicine.
This is Jason Voorhees. They'll be looking for an excuse to send him to the chair.  If we're going to argue insanity, we're going to need something a little more concrete.
Great. Battling head doctors. We'll confuse the jury enough to create a reasonable doubt. Hung jury.
This is bad, Joe. The Prosecution is already putting together a team of psychiatric specialists. They'll argue exactly the opposite. They'll say he's just pretending to be catatonic and he's completely sane.
One of the deputies is pretty cute. I think she likes me.
Oh?
I always throw that in. It makes the jury feel sorry for the defendant.
He wets the bed?
Insomnia. Not unusual for someone in his situation.  Not to mention he's a bed-wetter.
Doesnit sleep?
No. When you put me on the stand, I'll say your client is catatonic and exhibits classic symptoms of a schizophrenic, sociopathic personality.  And he doesn't sleep.
Great. Is that what you're going to say when I put you on the stand?
He's fucking nuts.
Well?
