Well, as long as I admire it from afar it shouldn't worry me if it's hollow.
A glorified office block.  They keep all the old records there -- the final resting place for facts and figures that have ceased to matter in the world of the living.
What is it really?
It's only majestic from here. When you get closer you see it for what it really is.
Up there.
Where do you live?
You have been hearing the sordid side then.
You work in the insurance department?
Even the so-called New Town isn't so new.  Only the people.  People of the future living in buildings of the past.  Has anyone seen Eduard?
-- I'm hoping to live in the Old Quarter.
What was the matter with it?
Fine -- terrible.
No, no, no -- quite a long time, yes.
Have you worked here long?
Yes -- we do.
You look like brothers.
Yes -- that's us.
My assistants, I presume.
Perhaps Eduard was closer than he knew to discovering it and so had to be silenced.
Yours is a very powerful and important firm -- it has a lot at stake.
-- Small.
-- Ah, but what if it <u>wasn't</u>?
The formality of a trial would be too costly for them.  They're beginning to understand that it's the ensuing news of our actions that incites support.
-- Merely in the interests of order.
You were his friend.  One link is all they need.
Preliminary investigations may already be underway.
You could say we represent the <u>un</u>official view of a well-ordered society.
Heralds of a new age -- does that sound immodest?
Not necessarily.  A <u>wife</u> would.
A true friend would do it.
Then its authority is in doubt.
It's my last and final one.
What an extraordinary request!
If I don't see you later -- go to my house and find my notebooks -- and destroy them.  All my manuscripts -- just burn them. Please.
Another one?
Will you do me a favor then?
Yes.
-- You appreciate my writing.
Not a chance.  I'm the thinnest person I know.
The Castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it's an escape route.  Don't get stuck.
A cenotaph -- a monument to someone whose remains ended up elsewhere. But look --
An empty tomb?
I was restoring some stones here in the upper section one day -- and I found this.
In a manner of speaking.
The cemetery is nearer the Castle than anywhere else -- wasn't it part of the Castle originally?  -- I always assumed there'd be a gate or something.  Isn't there?
What made you think <u>I'd</u> be able to get you into the Castle?
I'm trying to find things out myself -- that's the whole point.
There is <u>one</u> thing I'd like you to tell me.
-- Oh, yes, determination runs in the family.
The Kafka men are famous for it, you know.  Delivering meat barefoot in the depths of winter, picking up sacks of flour with their teeth --
-- I'm flattered, of course, to be considered a friend -- even without knowing all the details.  -- To see such determination is reward enough for me.
The <u>Castle</u> cemetery.
A man must eat --  And drink.
You work in the cemetery.
No -- not even success.  My writing is not for making a living -- it's for living.  Not for other people, it's for me.
Success or nothing?
That would be even worse -- it would be a compromise.
Why do you work in that hideous insurance office?  -- dealing with people who fall off ladders.  Now take me -- I make my living as a stone mason.  It's not my art -- but it's the <u>tools</u> of my art.  You could be -- a journalist.
I haven't got the energy.  I mean, I have to conserve my energy.
Where do you get your ideas?  Only joking -- I'm just joking.  Let's go to a brothel then, Kafka, come on.
Naturally? -- that's not the word I would have chosen.
These strange stories you write -- they come naturally, do they?
-- In what sense?
Gabriela was right -- it's easier for me to understand suicide. I'm a practicing suicide.
The needles inscribing the judgement into the flesh of the man.  Very good.
Did you?
I read the one about the penal colony.
-- In magazines nobody reads.
Just what you've published.
I don't know what you could have read.
I've read your stories.  They're fantastic.
Yes.
Are you looking for Gabriela Rossmann?
I'll commit that to memory.
When I deliver a message the very act of delivering it, you might say, gives it an official stamp, and only in this way are both the sender and the receiver satisfied that it was delivered at all.
Your credibility -- yes, it's well known.
But <u>I'm</u> the messenger.  An error like this damages my credibility.
Burgel, I thought it would be easier, as long as I was passing --
In an organization as efficient as ours, if a document once in a great while gets lost it might never be found at all.
Who's to say he ever will?  He's a timid old man and quite careful not to tread on anyone's toes -- In fact, I'm the only one he trusts and he wouldn't even look at a document if it didn't first come through me.
He has it, he just hasn't noticed it yet, all right?
He's usually in the storage room sorting things out.  He can't close the file on a case until he has the concluding report.
I've never seen him.  I don't believe there is a keeper of the files.
Did you see him?
No, I left it in his office.
You didn't give it to <u>me</u>.
I gave it to him yesterday.
The keeper of the files is still waiting for your final summation of the Erlanger claim.
And you're late!
You're detestable.
It's what I'm paid to do.
You're just doing your job.
It's my place to offer advice, not yours -- and by advising the Chief Clerk of your unpunctuality it's certainly not my situation that's compromised, if that's what you're implying.
Not today, Burgel.  Send one of your memos, write up one of your communiques, but for God's sake don't bother me today.
Oh, don't they?  I think you underestimate my station in this office and overrate your own.
Say what you like -- no one pays the least attention.
Good morning --  Or should I say good afternoon?
Sorry, yes -- well -- thank you, sir.
The <u>Orlac</u> claim.
I see -- it's just the Erlanger claim then.
No, there's only one report to complete.  I'll be doing it myself and submitting it to the Castle today or tomorrow.
No -- I just -- I feel a sense of obligation.  He was my friend -- if I can be of any help -- closing his affairs.
Was there something else?
I wonder if I might look to see if there's an address for family -- I thought I'd like to write to them.
I do.
Excuse me, sir -- I understand you have Eduard Raban's file.
You might find a more athletic hobby -- put some color in your cheeks.
In a small way.
I understand you fancy yourself an author.
-- Yes -- Raban -- but he was too much like you -- even more so perhaps.  He wasn't here as long as you, so I didn't know him as well -- but I could see the influence he was having.  I simply want you to be aware of this because you'll be happier for it.
-- Eduard --
Oh, I know you got along with that poor fellow -- what was his name?
Well, I --
Attitude, Kafka.  It doesn't matter how well you do your work -- you still see it as something to be gotten on with rather than something to take an active interest in.
No, sir.
Have you never wondered -- and I mention this only in passing --  why other clerks have advanced to more responsible positions while you, who have been here longer, have not?
I did not realize it was obligatory.
It's not healthy, Kafka -- not for you and not for your workmates.  At the annual dinner this month you again failed to make an appearance.
I usually take lunch by the River.
You must make the time.  Where do you go off to in the lunch hour?
To do my work well, I have little time for --
You keep too much to yourself -- you're a lone wolf.  It makes me uneasy, and if it makes me uneasy I can't imagine the impression you make on lesser employees.
... My ... social situation?
You've been with the firm for nearly nine years.  You've done your work diligently, there are no complaints on that score.  But there's more to the job than the work -- there are other people to consider -- and frankly, Kafka, we eel your social situation could bear improving.
Sit down, Kafka.
You wanted to see me, sir.
I do.  Always.  You understand the world better than any of us, Kafka.  And what it's becoming.  I've always held you in the highest regard.
-- Listen to me --
I know better than you what people will say when they have to.  When they brought me in for questioning I informed on my friends the very first day.
No -- not this time.
I think you've just escaped for the moment.  Just as I did.  As Eduard did.  As they let us do. But only for the moment.
Why should I believe a man who never believed me?  They're absolutely right, you know -- guilt should never be doubted. It's easier that way.
I told you, they're <u>dead</u>.  It's finished.
I know there is.  And you're what I have to bargain with. For now you're the last one in their way.
There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected.
I know how they reward failure. If they saw this I'd be rotting in the quarries by the afternoon -- with all the others.
They're dead now.  We can get help.
This is the result of their elixir of youth.  They were to come and check on it during the night.  I contrived to miss the appointment.
I -- I found your jailer.
Only two steps back?  Even the man they left to guard me retreated further than that.
Should I tell you why I joined our late lamented nihilists? Why I became a murderer? Because murder ... is bliss.  It's easier than you might think to absorb and assimilate Evil -- once you've adopted its procedure.
Gabriela ...?
Over?  It's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shines and you can warm yourself a bit.
-- I've just come from the Castle.  It's over.
I knew you walked this way to work.  I wanted to find you before they did.
Gabriela! -- you did get away.
Now Burgel's one of the authorities?
What seems important to these people is not determined by the amount of work it entails -- you're far from understanding the authorities if you believe that.
First these nameless authorities were the root of all evil, now it's insignificant Burgel.  If indeed there was a mistake -- and a minor one at that -- you're suggesting someone went to a lot of trouble over something so trivial as to not matter at all.
Or what if there really <u>was</u> an error? -- I don't know what kind -- any kind that needed correcting -- and what if Burgel was responsible for it?  One mistake -- even a small one in a firm like ours -- it could cost him a promotion.
Usually.
And Burgel is the bringer of messages, isn't he?
I've heard of it happening.
How often does one of our clerks have business in the house of records?
Now you're saying Eduard was lured there?
Of course he is -- the Castle precincts are not the safest part of the city after dark.  People disappear up there regularly.   If you want to lie in wait for someone, that's the place to do it.
He's jealous, yes, but <u>that</u> jealous?  He's too cautious.
He used to like me -- very much more than I liked him.
Burgel doesn't like anybody!
Burgel hated Eduard.  And me.  I'm sure he knew about us -- and I'm sure it drove him mad.
That street down there -- I always used to call it the approach road for suicides.  It leads straight down to the bridge and the River.
It's still easier for you to understand suicide, isn't it.
Now you've fallen into his trap. When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
You might think -- I thought so myself at first -- that Burgel's too insignificant to be dangerous. But that's the very reason to beware! It's the small men to watch out for -- the ones who substitute method for character.
I wouldn't put it past him.
You don't believe that.
Of course it could -- Burgel's been trying to get me thrown out as long as I can remember.  <u>He</u> could've killed Eduard.
It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day.
They're not obliged to tell.
Why were you given notice?
Burgel! -- I didn't leave it with him.
Burgel gave me this -- what does it mean?
I'm collecting Eduard's things. If there's anything you want, take it or I'll give it to charity.
At the cost of others?  You accuse people of murder without trial -- apparently without irony.  Did you go to the Castle with Eduard?  Then you have no idea what really might have happened that night at all -- even before or after he got there.
Yes -- which is why "quiet, dependable people" have to take charge of their own lives.
My only concern is the human tribunal.  Isn't it yours?
You think what we're doing is so wrong?  And what are you doing? Pursuing goodness?  For what?  To answer to some supreme tribunal?
People must think the same of me -- a quiet, dependable person.
When you only see someone sitting at a desk all day, it's liable to create a false impression.
I have no right to be, I know.  My experience with real life  is practically nil.
You're shocked at the thought of Eduard tossing a bomb through a window.
He was murdered.
And you still maintain -- what? That he was murdered.
He was summoned to help correct a minor discrepancy of some sort in the Medical Records Division. Apparently one of his claims was relevant.
What of it?
The day he died, Eduard was called up to the Castle.  Did you know that?
You strike me as a man with a defined notion of injustice -- a high concern for the lot of your fellow men.  And yet you're able to remain an outsider.  With the concomitant air of ... superiority?
I've hardly published enough for anyone to draw conclusions from.
I nominated you as a possible candidate.  You were Eduard's good friend.  He read me some of your work.
They're ubiquitous.  What we try to do ... is make them a little less so.
Ah -- we're back to the "authorities" you spoke of.
You won't have any trouble finding it.
-- I don't know the Musil district.
I'm suspicious of men who want to marry.  I believe they think it's the only thing that will make them equal to their fathers.
And you ...?
Eduard wanted to marry me.
Last year.  I -- it was broken off.
You almost married recently, didn't you?
... All right.
There are some people I'd like you to meet.  Can you come to the Musil district at eight o'clock?
Tonight?
Are you free tonight?
-- What could he have done to warrant that?
The very fact that they're authorities should give you reason. People will do anything to protect their own interests.  For all you know he was killed at the <u>hands</u> of the police.
When I have no reason to doubt.
And you believe everything the authorities tell you.
He wasn't robbed.  He was identified by his wallet.
Do you think people in the New Town care what happens over here?  This will always be the ghetto.
The police would know the difference, wouldn't they?
Eduard didn't see it as something that needed bearing.
No, I don't.  I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all.
Two or three months, that's all.  -- I seduced him.
How long were you and Eduard --
As long as it's on their terms. If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever.
This morning it was suggested to me that my own sense of office fellowship could bear improving.
What's funny?
It's not that we wanted to deceive anyone -- but you know how these things are looked upon at the office.
That he was -- satisfied in that regard.  I didn't want to pry.
What?
I suspected that he -- well.
He would have.  You were his best friend.  A better friend than me.
No.
I was having an affair with Eduard.  He didn't tell you?
Yes.
Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office.
Have you looked?
I've never seen you here before.
Hello again.
Excuse me, I have to copy this for Central Docketing by 2:30.
I'm sorry, but I just wondered --
One of you must be mistaken.
Oh -- well, I thought he once mentioned --
Why would you suppose so?
You're a friend of Eduard Raban's.
I know.
I'm Kafka -- I work upstairs in Accident --
That the police may have allegiance to something other than truth.
What did she say?
Maybe it's true then what she said.
She's missing.  I went to her house and she hadn't returned there.
That's been noted.  But where does it lead us?  Unless you have something more to add.
You told me to contact you if anything relevant came up -- Gabriela is relevant.  When I spoke to you before I didn't know she'd been seeing Eduard.
If someone was waiting here in the hallway to spirit her away, wouldn't they have shut the door as quietly as possible?
That's not what I call conclusive evidence of an abduction.
But that's just my point -- she was more than upset, she was livid. She slammed every door on her way downstairs -- except that one.  I was just behind her and I didn't even hear that one <u>shut</u> -- not at all.
-- Should you happen upon anything that might be relevant.
I'll bear that in mind.
Anyway, I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend, because we're complete fencers, of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent, shall we say, an interested third party.
Probably not.
... Just a perception.
What makes you think so?
He wasn't a lonely man, though.
We know that.
I don't think he really had any. He had no family either.
His landlady knew of no other friends to refer us to.
Can I ask -- how you found me?
He might have had a drink or two, despite what you think.
No, I suppose not.
Grown men don't normally fall into the river, do they?
No.  He didn't seem to be.  Do you think he drowned himself?
Was he depressed?
I don't know.
He was found in the River.  Could he swim?
Yes.  Since he came to the office, almost three years ago, we've been quite good friends.  How was Eduard ...
Would you describe your relationship with the dead man as close?
Well -- other departments are, yes.
Engaged in the manufacture and distribution of ... pills and so forth.
Eight -- and seven months.
Where you've been employed for seven years.
-- Accident and Compensation Association.
Your office is the Workmen's --
No, we said goodbye outside the building.  He went off, as usual, toward his house.
Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps?
Wednesday.  We left the office together.
When was the last time you saw Mr. Raban?
Yes.  Yes, of course -- why wouldn't it be?
Kafka -- is that your real name?
It's all right to be sarcastic in private to us -- because we have a sense of humor -- but when we're up at the Castle we suggest you don't make a fuss.  It would spoil the not unfavorable impression you make in other respects.
My assistants.  I should have known. Nothing is given to me.  I have to acquire everything.
Close only by virtue of antithesis.
Still, we're probably closer to you at the moment than any of your fellow human beings.
It's a farce.
-- Just doing our job.
For all your incompetence I was beginning to think you were at least loyal to me.  You're very good ham actors.
-- You should meet my father.
I can't make a simple statement without him taking issue with it
What's the matter with you?
You mean you've actually begun some?
-- I was just trying to finish some work!
You mean because it's been a while since there was a sunny day?  What a good detective you are.
I didn't realize you'd been here that long.
We saw her naked once -- didn't we.
Do you?
The loyal civil servant.  I suppose you'll deny that shortchanging the workers to whom compensation is due is standard company policy.
Oh, Burgel!  Gabriela was having an affair with Eduard.  They were both members of <u>this group</u>.  If any crime's been discovered and people are paying for it, I'd look to <u>yourselves</u>!
-- Gabriela, on the other hand, had made an enemy of this man Burgel.
Then why haven't I been --
Why are you so aggressively unimaginative?  Eduard is no longer the only casualty.
When a scapegoat is needed, my friend ...
-- You said so yourself the firm is large and powerful.  If the discrepancy really was something big, Eduard's responsibility would still have to be small.  No poor young <u>clerk</u> could find himself in such a fix.
-- Oh, yes, it's mad.
That's <u>mad</u>.
That's obvious, isn't it?  We have an opening for a new member.
... Why take me into your confidence?
As a matter of fact you've caught us in a state of considerable excitement.  Our latest preparation we believe -- we pray -- is perfected. It should take years off her.
What have you done with Gabriela Rossmann?
-- And the new patients they bring me aren't usually as dexterous as you've been in evading us.  Not perfect specimens by any means, but not the type of person who'll be missed either.
On the contrary, it matters a great deal.  We're engaged in immensely important research here.  I'm a revolutionary too, you know -- but a much more pragmatic one.
The fact that it's live bodies you practice your trade on doesn't seem to matter to you.
Lying in the gutter where they belong.
May I ask where your two warders are?
Yes, well -- we're looking for a new village now.  If we stay too long at one source ... people become suspicious.
And I suppose Dr. Murnau didn't die in a cave-in.  You killed him to free the Position of Orlac Medical Officer for your own ends.
I had the grandest of financial plots in mind, the most malevolent of personal motives, conspiracy theories extending to every ... authority I could see.  And I find you.  A body snatcher.
I believe we've exceeded his expectations.
"Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises.
-- If an obscure official up there in the distant mountains so far away from civilizing influences happens to meet with an unfortunate accident -- and should he tragically die in spite of the District Medical Officer's strenuous efforts to save him -- the firm wants to see the next of kin pacified and the disposition of the remains handled with the greatest possible ... efficiency.
It only amuses me in that it gives me an insight into the ludicrous bungling that in some circumstances may decide the life of a human being.
-- You seem amused.
You see, Kafka, in all cases relating to the factory at Orlac -- which is what this paper referred to -- the authority that puts in a request and the authority that grants it is, to all intents and purposes, the same authority.
... A piece of paper ...
Through a very unfortunate -- and I might add extremely rare -- mishap, a document intended for the one department was sent to the other.  And for the first time -- though your friend wasn't aware of it -- two and two could have been put together to make one.
A mere slip.  Your friend Mr. Raban dealt only with claims that came <u>in</u>, another department being responsible for compensation that goes out -- this is correct?
... A piece of paper ...
It so happens, my dear simple sir, that the Head of Medical Records at the Castle <u>is</u> one of the Directors of this firm.
I could always apply there.
We're a medical firm, aren't we? They go to the Medical Records Section.
Where do our records go to in the Castle?
You do not summon them -- they summon you -- and this, of course, hardly ever happens, if at all. The Directors are an eccentric lot and by nature cautious.
What if I petitioned one of the Directors?
These laws have been with us for centuries -- how can you doubt them?
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
Of course not.  Only by a Director of the firm.  Who'd want to let in all kinds of riff-raff off the streets?
Once a file's been sent to the Caste, is it possible to recall it for review?
Is your friend's name among them?  Then he only worked on the one case.  Your Chief will send me the final summation when he's finished with it.
This is the cross-reference of clerks who've worked on Orlac claims?
Dr. Murnau was the bravest of men. He spent an entire career in those backwaters with no regard for personal gain.  A great loss.
I did read that.  They gave him a posthumous medal.
You must have read about it in the papers -- there was a terrible cave-in.  It wouldn't have been so bad, but even the Medical Officer for the district was killed!
All these in the last year?
It's a factory in the northern mountains.  One of our best customers.  Without a proper request I'm not obliged to do this, you understand -- but I'll make an exception on this one occasion.
Orlac is an account?
If it was Accounts you wanted why did you ask for Employees?
-- You mean my Chief has it.
Whenever an employee departs, shall we say, it's up to the head of his department to requisition his file, reassign any outstanding claims, and send it off.
It's gone out so quickly?
Why would we keep files on <u>dead</u> employees?  All old files are sent up to the Castle.  Do you think we have room for two hundred years worth personnel records?
What's the matter?
He's the clerk who died last week. From the insurance department
Wait a minute.  "Raban?"  Where have I heard that name?
Yes.  Isn't it there?
I'm overworked as it is.  "Raban" did you say?
I'm not obliged to give you access, you know -- not without authorization -- but I'll make an exception this one time.
It usually is.
"Raban" -- that'll be nearly at the back of the alphabet.
Amerika!
Amerika for us!
Then that's the place for us!
What's to become of us now?
It doesn't matter.  It's too late for all of us.
I understand he was wounded in the lung.
They'd drive us away.  That Kafka's made things very hot for us.
We could go back to the office. Explain ourselves to the Chief Clerk.
Here too!  They're all in a dreadful muddle!
This is filed incorrectly!
Ludwig?
Oskar!
My mother used to tell us of the young man who decided to ride to the next village and how she was afraid that -- not even mentioning accidents -- the span of a normal happy life might fall far short of the time needed for such a trip.
But your goal is so hard to reach. Do you think the official network would surrender to one man?  We would never think of attempting anything remotely as difficult.
-- How would <u>you</u> like to be in a horrible situation like that?
We've been together too long.  His personality is overflowing into mine and vice versa.
And we're upset too.
It's not our fault.  We're naturally nervous.
It's not too bad working here.
We used to be in the supply section, carrying boxes of medicine about but we dropped too many of them.
They keep switching us from department to department.  He doesn't mind because he can't sit still.
She went to the roof to sunbathe one lunch hour -- we watched her changing.
Women are all you have on your mind!
Gabriela Rossman was here looking for you.  Do you know her?
You look tired.
He can't sit still.  Just when we arrive at a nightclub he wants to go to another one.
Oskar.
Ludwig.
