Did he come around often?
What about him? Yes.
Arlyn, just tell me, did Jane have a dumper, one of her regular Johns?
Please, if he sees you, he won't come!
Honey, a couple of years ago, with Jane and Frankie? -- Jane sent me a Dumper --
Can't you see I'm strung out?  Please, we're waiting for it -- he's got to have it!
Arlyn, he just wanted to ask some questions -- something you could help us about.
Bree -- honey - please, we're waiting for someone.
Well she's not now.  I did everything for Arlyn. I loved Arlyn I took her right into my apartment, my own sweet apartment on First. But she wouldn't stay off it -- the junk -- and I wept and I pleaded and I held her in my arms - and she started taking things, my things, and selling them for horse. My clothes. We could've had everything together, everything -- and then the bitch sold my mink!
She was with you after she left Frank.
Why? She's a junkie.
Trina honey, he just wants to find Arlyn Page.
Oh you've got to. He does such fun things with imagery. And I've been reading The Fall --  -- The Fall by Ahlbair Camoo -- it's the same thing, you know the imagery --
Uh uh.
Oh yes Mr. Klute -- won't you both join me?  And how do you like our fair city? There's so much here don't you think? The museums and the books and the foreign films -- Bree, have you seen the Godard film?
Trina this is Klute. I told you about him.
And nobody could tell me who he was -- an exiled prince or a mercenary or a bullfighter or -- but I felt it stirring inside me, this -- this wild, pagan feeling --
Yes?
Not young; he wasn't young -- gray at the temples, he -- well actually he looked like you.
Please --
-- May I? It's so --
And then one night -- at the gaming tables -- well I just saw him. A stranger -- looking at me -- and I knew suddenly that all my life I'd been --
Mm.
And Cannes was quite fun, quite; and we played baccarat and chemindefer and there was a nice little Italian marquis quite enthusiastic for me -- but a young man can be so silly --
Yes?
Well -- well I'm just back. And -- I must tell you -- something quite wonderful.
Sure dear, yes.
It's good to see you. Well -- could we do it first and then just talk?
Enjoy.  Well --
I said that.  Well, so you have a choice. You can either feel lonely -- you know, the hate -- or --  So you take a call and go to a hotel room and there's some John you've never seen before, but he wants you. He must, he's paying for it.  And usually they're nervous and that's all right, too, because you're not; you know this thing. And then for a while, boy, they really pay attention, you're all there is.  And it's not real and you don't have to even like them -- you can even hate them, it's all right, it safe -- you know?
Didn't want you.
The truth is I hate them: they must hate me. All right, the money.  All right, not the money. A kind of put-on. It gets things back together.  Well let's say I'd go to one of these cattle-calls, a tryout. I mean before -- before I got this job -- and they'd always say thank you very much and i'd feel, you know, brought down. They didn't want me.
You think people hate you.
Well it's more than loneliness. Hate. People hating me -- and watching me and following and waiting to hurt me -- you know? I'm all screwed up.
Sorry. 
Do you always have to repeat?
Don't belong?
All right. Loneliness.  Well -- separated. From other people. Forgotten.  Well, as if I can be here, I can go through the motions, right? But the truth is, I don't belong.
You've spent your life avoiding this. You'll try hard to deny it; you're quite likely to destroy it.
I do not love him.
Maybe this wasn't just a trick. Maybe you're in danger of real love, real involve --
Guess!
I'd just be guessing.
I know: it's ridiculous. But it's tearing me up and I don't know why. And look, all right, I came here didn't I? And if I have to, I'll keep coming here, the works, and talk about my mummy and my daddy and I'll even pay for it, but will you kindly for God's sakes say something?
Well I'm certain Doctor Spangler will want to talk with you; excuse me.
Look. I almost killed my -- I almost killed someone.
Yes indeed.
Look -- could I use your phone?
Well I have to close up now.
No.
-- I have to close up now. Leave your name and number with his message service, Mrs. Daniel, and why don't you just go home and wait until he --
Grunemann? I've looked at him a --
Like for you to look for the man.
Oh no.
Here please.
I don't have to look at anything. I don't have --
From the beginning I don't know why the hell he's messin with you. If he was me he'd know better. If he was even a city boy he'd know better. You're a whore Miss Daniel, that's the truth of it, right? Now somethin I'd like you to look at.
Is that what he set me up for? Everything he's told me from the beginning? -- don't worry, don't --
No, that's not --
What was better? I made better bait?
I guess he figured it was better.
Is that why Klute didn't tell me?
We don't want to just lock him up; we want a conviction, we wanted him to do something more.
Why isn't he locked up?
Well we're pretty --
You said someone killed them, you said you know who, you said that.
Now there's a picture I'd like you to --
Arlyn and Jane commited suicide. He said they commited suicide.
No, not Grunemann. He's dead. The man that killed him -- also prob'ly Jane McKenna, also Arlyn Page.
So do I.
A few more days. We know who did this.
Oh well that shouldn't take you more than another, oh, two and a half or three years, should it?
Miss Daniel, be sensible, you find another place till we get things cleaned up.
Tell me. I'll listen.  I just want you to tell me.
Oh no, I don't think --
I said yes, I see.
Excuse me Miss Daniel?
I'm sorry, I'm just frightened. Yes.
Tom Grunemann discovered me -- we were here on business together, he discovered me with Jane McKenna. Then I suppose it was the -- the contempt I saw in his face and the certainty that sooner or later he'd use it against me. Within the Company. I endured that as long as I could, do you see?
If you'll let me go I could tell them what --
It puzzles me so badly. I've done terrible things but I can't consider myself a terrible man. I've killed three people and I'd still want to say it was accident, do you see?
Will you let me go then?
I'm not going to hurt you, absolutely, I'm not.
Then it doesn't matter what I do any more, does it?
Yes.
No, you're frightened, you're pretending. Well -- Klute knows about me then. Does everybody know, can you tell me?
Yes -- Jane McKenna's book -- I could make a phone call.
You have no idea what I'm talking about.
All right, then, an ordinary matter. I'm a quite well off man, I have a -- position to respect. I would feel personally uncomfortable to be connected with a -- certain kind of woman, I'm sure you understand. Do you? Well I'd like to buy Jane McKenna's book.
-- Yes.
-- We can talk --
Yes -- all right --
Can't we talk together reasonably, just -- ordinarily?  I know you're expecting some kind of -- extravagant behavior, but believe me -- do you believe me? --
No. I'm sore.
Can I carry something for you, to the car?  Will you kiss me?
Can you use these?
You don't believe that either, do you? Why can't you see my side?
OK.
Look, why should it be yes or no? Can't we keep it going and see? I mean we can keep in touch and visit each other and see. People do that, that's realistic.
Doesn't scare me. I think we could handle it.
What?
They don't scare me any more.
How can you not think so? You know the things I can do.
I don't think so.
Look at me. I'm pretty and sort of clever and very well intentioned, and dear God I'd tear your heart out!
About what?
Look -- yes. I mean thanks, but -- don't you think we better be realistic?
You could at least look at me!
I am.
You wanted to, or you are?
No. I was going to come up. I wanted to ask you to marry me. 
Well suppose I hadn't come downstairs. Would you just have folded up and sneaked away?
Mm.
You're going back?
Mm.
Oh.  Well it wasn't us city people that did it -- your fine rosy-cheeked country boy.
I got a call from Ross this morning. Cable owned a plot of woodland -- he'd go there on weekends. They found Tom Grunemann's body buried there. They've notified his wife.
Trask said I should move. Let's not make a thing of it.
Please. I said I don't want you to do this.
Trask wants to talk with you.
Hey -- look officer -- I can explain everything. It was just -- you know, everything all of a --
Because I didn't want to be touched! I didn't think you'd get that!
Why couldn't you stay here with me?
How do you know how bad it was?
Bree, what's actually happened? It wasn't that bad.
Maybe I wasn't there when you called.
I called Trina.
With Trina.
Where'd you spend last night?
Oh zippidy-doo, they'll find my fingerprints.  Can I go in? I need some stuff.
Those were police laboratory people, they've been over the apartment.
Ah, Schmendrick -- what's the scam?
You said it was over, right? You said not to worry any more, all over, right?
Go down in my room.
Right back at the start, right?
Bree --
My God, I thought it was over. And here I am, daddy, right back at the start.
Listen to me: It's all right. I've been expecting something.
Drop it.
Oh look what he did in them.
Don't touch anything.
Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus.
Hell there's nothing so mysterious about the square life.
I was wondering what that was.
You and I -- a relationship.
What?
Spangler says we have a relationship.
Well, I told him I wouldn't - uh - go there any more.  I know it's tough to understand, but it wasn't easy. You see, he was nice to me. I mean, it wasn't just him. I got something out of it too I guess. Anyway, I told him I wouldn't go there anymore.
What am I supposed to say?
Is that all you have to say?
Yeah.
I saw Mr. Faber.  You remember Mr. Faber, don't you?
Yup.
Oh boy, say, you think you're pretty good.
No, not just 'mm'. You don't know what I --
Mm.
I am scared. The things I do. The things I could do to you.
My bed.
I'm still scared.  I mean different but still.  Look, I made it very clear from the start, you're a yokel, you don't excite me, you don't even interest me, and so I only have one question which is what the hell are you doing in my bed?
I don't like getting splashed.
No.  Well all right. But you want to and I want you to and we both know it and all right.
We did this before.
Please.
You get the Christ out! You dumb stupid bastard, you don't know anything, you square, you get out! I don't have to show you anything; you get out!
No, you can find some other way.  Explain it to me. Bree, show me any sense to --
Arlyn was a junkie; I'm not on junk!
No, no you're right, I'm sorry. He uses women; he lets them kill themselves. Is that how you want it?
No.
You're right, I don't understand. Explain it to me.  You were scared. Arlyn Page, that scared you. Well it should; that's death. So what did you do, you ran straight for it, death. Ligourin kills women.
I told you before, you wouldn't understand.
Ligourin: How could you do it?
I don't get you.
How can you do it to yourself?
What if i go out on tricks - you wanna come along? You could sit and read the National Geographic.
Just let me know when you are going out and where --
Why?
The next few weeks I would like to know where you are all the time.
Thanks for the jolly news. I thought maybe you'd left town by now. You kind of just disappeared. But you boys from Tuscarora have a habit of disappearing, don't you?
The same as Jane McKenna.
How?
I thought you ought to know, Arlyn Page is dead.
But if it's someone else I do.
-- Then you don't need me.
If Arlyn Page is living with Tom Grunemann --
What the hell do you think's the matter.  I could wait for you someplace.
What's the matter?
Don't worry.
I can make that in a lunch break!  Look, Hiram, you're sure it isn't just me? -- you decided you liked it, after all, the other night; you'll hang around for seconds?
You could help me find her. You know the people.  I'll pay you a hundred dollars.
Arlyn had a very big habit - heroin - she's the one who started Frank. She's strung out now; you won't find her.
Then maybe Arlyn Page knew the Dumper too.
Frankie kept them in the same apartment: it cut his travel-time.
Did she and Jane McKenna know each other?
Arlyn Page.
I've checked the records of Jane McKenna's death -- I can't get anything special. But Frank Ligourin had another girl you said, besides McKenna and you.
When?
You asked if there was anything more you could help me with.
Well what're you down about? You mean because you didn't get me there?  You can't expect that. I mean Frank, yes, he'd get me there all the time -- but never with a John.
Thanks.
What's the matter hon? You were great. Terrific. A tiger.
Oh don't be all hypocrite. Or do you really like other kicks? Is it more just having power over someone? -- so you don't really need to --
Bree -- thanks -- I don't want to.
So you're not too different from him, or the chap on the roof, or Tommy-baby --
Mm.
Ezra, I'm lots better than you're used to. Tell me -- the other night, watching me with Mr. Faber -- wasn't your tongue a little bit hanging out?
Not much point to this, is there?
Oh, don't be a doo-doo.
It got lonely upstairs. There's someone on the roof.
It's kind of late.
Goodbye.
Oh. No. Not that way. I'd say it was more -- I don't know --  -- too bad? Pathetic?
-- Us city folks? The sin, the glitter, the wickedness?
Yeah, you got to me.
Hey, but did we get to you, Klute? A little?
Well --
Oh -- wait -- oh I get it. You said that just to keep me scared. So I'd tell you everything I -- oh clever; oh you smart, tricky hick.
No, I said what did you think.
You said it was!
And I don't think that was Tom.
What do I do meanwhile? -- wait for that clown to fall through the skylight on me?
Try some other ways. 
What're you gonna do next?
I don't see anything, do you?
Is there anything more I could --
You told me what you could. I guess I'm through with your part of it.
Oh golly, oh just what I've always dreamed of, dirty phone calls.  How come?
You said you wanted these.
I thought you were going back to the apartment.
Well -- she's dead.
It was Jane McKenna who sent you the dumper.
About the dumper, didn't he tell you that?
It didn't go anywhere.  But that's not why --
Didn't he tell you what you wanted?
No.
Did you like my friend Frankie?
Is that what you gave him?
What did you expect? Frankie still has a good string, three girls. Figure three hundred a week from each.
Well, let's go down and ask him.
He never told me.
Do you know where he got the dumper?
You asked me where I got that date with the dumper -- Frank sent me on it.
Maybe, if you tell me the things you haven't.
Can't you get him?
What do you think?
Well do you think it was him?
You go see agents -- or Equity calls, open casting calls. And ad agencies -- commercials -- you don't get work, you just go around.
Rounds, what are they? -- don't watch me, keep talking.
I go on rounds.
Tell me about acting -- what are you doing tomorrow -- where do you go?
I don't want you to look up. There's someone on the skylight.
You've changed your mind? You do want to play?
No thanks.
I thought you could trick me for those tapes. Don't you get lonely in that little green room? Or let me get you someone; I have terrific friends, wild.
-- OK?
What? This?
Mm? Oh, he was my old man. We broke up.
Tell me about Frank Ligourin.
Gee I hope this doesn't make my cold any worse.
OK.
-- you perverted hypocrite square bastards.
-- You want to wear women's clothes, or you get off ripping things --
-- OK --
Klute, tell me, what's your bag? Are you a talker, or a button man or a doubler, or maybe you like them very young -- children -- or get your chest walked around with high-heeled shoes, or have us watch you tinkle? Or --
What about the old gentleman the other night, Mr. Faber?
Look, I'm sure this'll amuse you too. Ilia trying to get away from all that.
I have some names the police gave me. Frank Ligourin. Will you tell me what --
You're very square. Pimps don't get you dates, cookie; they just take the money.
How else do you meet them? Pimps? 
How would I remember?
Is that how you met the Dumper? -- Someone else gave --
Most of them.
Is that how you get most of your dates? Someone gives your name to someone else?
Look -- I'm sorry -- I've led everybody wrong. I mean yes, I get those feelings, but that's just me, that's just feelings.  I'm sure this will amuse you; I'm scared of the dark. And sometimes I get shook up, I hear people or -- well, I'll come out in the morning and think someone's been prying at my mailbox, or there's a little -- trash outside my door and I wonder if someone left it there for -- do you see? -- things other people wouldn't even notice. Well that's not real, it's just nerves; it's got nothing to do with --
What about the other things you've reported? --  -- being followed on the --
Just phone calls, right? They ring, you answer, they don't say anything, just blank. Kids getting kicks. Burglars looking for an empty apartment. I mean there is nothing that proves --
Everything that's happened since Tom Grunemann disappeared. The phone calls and the --
What about everything since?
Well could I have them back now hon? -- those tape recordings you've got downstairs -- OK? -- and if you want you can have a good time and I'll have a good time and--
I can't say he was anybody!
But you can't say that Dumper was Tom Grunemann.
Nothing. Except he wasn't kidding. Usually it's a fakeout, you probably know. They pretend to tie you up, and you wear a dress with a cloth belt and they pretend to whip you or you --  Hell it's their money. I'll hang from the shower rod and whistle Maytime. Except this guy was really tripped out on it; he --
What?  What do you remember about that -- dumper?
You remind me of my uncle.
All right, yes, I had been. Those sick, wild letters -- I'm watching you, gonna follow you, gonna punish you, kill you et cetera. Well, they said, all right that's Grunemann. So try to remember when you and he - when -- well I don't know, there was that dumper once, he sounded like that dumper --  Dumpers; they get their kicks beating you up. A man hired me once, then tried to really kill me - that'd be about two years ago.
-- Tuscarora --
A name. Grunemann. Nothing. And they showed me pictures like this and they meant nothing. Then they asked me, well had I been getting letters, from someone out there in Cabbageville --
Isn't that sweet.  Well it could be any one of them bubi; I get to see them all.
Company outing or picnic or something like that.
Or you'll get me shoved back in the brig you mean; another month with the bull-dykes.
Could I ask some questions?
If I was taking calls full time would I be living in this kip? I'd be back on Park Avenue; I could support the whole National Guard!
No, I'm look --
Is it the shakedown hon? You picked a loser, I just don't have it.
Mm.
And you just want to ask me a few questions?
Mm.
You're not police or FBI; you're just a private investigator?
Dew yew hayuv ah-dentifikyshun?
Will you let me ask you some questions?
Honest?
You know what I'm talking about. Miss Daniel.
Why?
He was a research engineer at the Tuscarora Laboratories in Pennsylvania. He disappeared from there last April. I've been hired to look for him.
Gee.
Tom Grunemann. He wrote you some letters.
Who?
I'm an investigator. I'd like to ask you some questions about Tom Grunemann.
You said that.
My name's John Klute.
What about?
Miss Daniel? My name is Klute -- John Klute --
What is it?
Tomorrow. See you tomorrow night.
Well --
No, I'd -- like to be in on it.
Just send me a money order.
Suppose I meet you there a half hour before.
Tomorrow evening, nine. East River Drive and 73rd Street.
I can talk it over; possibly I can get the money. When are you meeting the man?
All right, but I'm going to see that list.
Klute, the Company's interest is Tom Grunemann. Solely and exclusively. You say you can't find Tom; all right, I'll see that you're paid off; the case is closed.
It probably has the Dumper's name. It might give us some kind of new lead.  I want a look at it anyhow.
No. It's ridiculous. This has nothing to do with Tom Grunemann.
Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients?
I can't follow you.
I'm meeting a man tomorrow night. He wants to meet me on East-River Drive -- he wants five hundred dollars for the book. Can you get that for me Pete?
You were hired to look for Tom.
Call-girls generally keep a book, you know, a list of their clients. Sometimes, if a girl retires, she'll even sell it worth good money. Jane McKenna had a black book; when she died it was stolen. I've been after it a long time.
What?
Pete, I've got a chance to buy Jane McKenna's black book.
You were hired to look for Tom, not someone.
Someone's been doing all these things.
You said he was no possible connection with Tom. The Page girl told you that, not Tom.
Dumper, the man Bree Daniel mentioned and Arlyn Page knew and Jane McKenna knew.
That who?
Not too bad. This brings back that Dumper in the picture.
You must be discouraged.
No. No mistake Pete. It doesn't prove who it was -- but proves it wasn't Tom.
Some mistake perhaps that --
Not Tom. Whoever it was left a kind of souvenir, I told you, in her clothing. Semen. The laboratory got a blood group reading from that. The man was blood type 0; Tom was an AB.
It has to be Tom. You said he ripped up his own pictures, he --
It wasn't Tom that broke in the room.
I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Yeah. It wasn't Tom.
You said Trask was arranging laboratory work. Police laboratory. Anything from that?
Yeah, two things Pete, that --
I'm on my way to Chicago. Very important meeting tonight. Well -- any new developments?
Yeah.
I've been up country, you know my summer place, my camp. I don't even have a telephone there. This morning they sent a messenger out, that you'd been trying to call me.
Well as a matter of --
I read your report. I had to go along with it -- the idea of this being a wild goose chase, Tom being nowhere around --
Well there's a couple --
Sorry we had to meet here. But I'm pressed for time.
I think you're homesick.  I'll be out at my camp over the weekend. Nice right now, that touch of fall in the air, that skim of frost in the early mornings, very peaceful.  John, I'll be back here again Thursday; I'll be in touch. Lieutenant, thank you.
How is it back there?
I'm flying back out to Pennsylvania Friday; I'll fill them in on things.
It's got to make sense some way.
You just finished telling me she had nothing to offer. Not Tom, you said, the Dumper was clearly not Tom.
I could try Arlyn Page again. She saw much more of the Dumper than Bree Daniel.
Where, how?
I better keep looking.
Then, close the case.
It's where it doesn't get me. I've got nothing left that connects to anything.
All right, suppose it wasn't Tom Grunemann; where does that get you?
I believed her, Pete.
She wouldn't be reliable anyhow -- a narcotics addict.
Goodbye, Pete.
Thank you. Goodbye, John.
All right.
All right. All right --  John, just sit tight will you? I'll read your report, I'll discuss it with the others. I'll be back next Thursday, we'll talk the whole thing over then. Nothing til Thursday, all right?
I wanted to give it to you first.
Do they have the report? Have you discussed it with them?
It's in the report.
Have you discussed this with them?
No. They never did, really. But that's what I'm going to recommend. The next step. Unless something --
I'm sure the FBI and the Police explored that possibility.
I think Tom Grunemann's dead. I've been a lot of places - I've asked a lot of people. I've found no proof he's around. I've found no proof he was ever around.
What's in it?
Would you like to know what's in it? The report.
It's not so bad.
It's a beautiful day in Tuscarora - I don't envy you that humidity in the city.
I'll be sending you on a report tonight.
John, how are you?
Would I be telling you all this? She copped out long ago. She committed suicide Baxter.
I'd like to talk with Jane McKenna.
You don't tell them. That one of their own in-laws laid a dumper on them?  Peace in the family.  Beyond that, I don't know. All she wrote.
Why didn't you tell Bree, afterwards?
OK and one of them  Jane McKenna -- she blows a little jealous of Bree - you know? -- Bree comes first? And evidently she knew the freak --- that he was a dumper -- she conned me into passing him to Bree, you know, so Bree'd get hurt. I didn't know. Till afterwards.
She told me.
OK, a family matter. Between the girls. I had two other cows --  -- two other girls besides Bree.
Look -- dad -- I may stand better with the cops than you.
They tell me you use narcotics. Could I bring someone around to look at your arms?
Two years ago? Sorry.
I'm looking for a man. Tom Grunemann.  Bree thinks he may have been the dumper -- that call she had two years ago. She says you sent her on it.
I'd like to make something clear. I don't go after a girl; a girl comes to me. Her choice. Right?
I've just got a few --
I've always respected Bree.  I'd like to make something clear.
Oh sure they try. The idea of a better life.  But they don't really know much about life: They get confused -- or scared or frustrated or bored -- they pop back to the one thing they can handle. The trick. The trick. Men in bed. Not men in general, not life, not love, not even real sex -- it avoids all that. Just the trick, the transaction.
I think she's trying that.
No. She had every good intention of it -- coming to me as a private patient, getting out of the life, devoting herself to an acting career.
Has she talked with you since prison?
About his letters -- that's all she remembered. Quite violent material, I'd say, obsessive, a quite sick man. But that's not unusual either.
Did she talk about him to you?
Not unusual.
I want to know how Tom Grunemann got mixed up in it.
-- Usual case history -- this isn't a medical confidence, it's all of them -- broken family, lonely, confused, crummy childhood, early promiscuity, formal prostitution beginning in her teens, income twenty-five to thirty thousand a year.  Oh they don't keep the money: they get rid of it, they get pimps. Why?  Why do you want to know all this?
He called this morning from Tuscarora. Asked me to meet him at 3:00 at the downtown heliport. He's on his way to Chicago.
Sounds to me you better shake him again. Put him in a spot he has to do something more -- but this time give him a time and a place to do it.
What about Grunemann's letters to the girl, everything like that?
Because he knew I couldn't leave the case alone. And this way at least he'd keep track of it. And me.
But if Cable killed Grunemann why would he get you hired to look for Grunemann?
Examine this letter please.  We recovered that from the shredder -- the plant disposal and incinerator system. Grunemann apparently typed it Friday, before he left, decided not to send it, tossed it away. We've already contacted the New York Police; they think they know the girl in question.
No.
Did he ever mention specifically a girl or woman in New York?
Everybody's got some, I guess.
Marital problems in general? Indicates possibly -- am I right Sergeant?
No.
Did he recently appear to you agitated or depressed?  -- indicates no -- Did he voice to you grievance or discontent with his research work here? Indicates no. Moral or sexual problems or peculiarities? --
No.
Can you account for his disappearance in any way?
We grew up together. Kids.
You knew the subject Thomas Grunemann. How well?
I know Tom Grunemann.
Then how are you involved?
Town Police.
Are you with plant security, Sergeant?
Klute. With a K. K - L - U -
If we get anything from the lab, we'll have it by noon. And just think -- all he really had to do was write us a letter.
Nobody's seen that.
It's damn lucky you didn't have the dossier on Cable here.
I left them here. I was doing some work here.
Gov, want to leave me that one. How come he got to play with this one, anyway.
I don't believe Tom's alive.
We have some very tentative circumstantial evidence of freeky behavior, but there's no evidence of murder - there's not even a body.
I never could believe that Tom was a split personality. I never believed he was a Dumper; and I don't believe he disappeared of his own volition; and I don't believe he's alive.
What else do you know?
I knew Tom never wrote that letter.
Unless he was involved with Grunemann's disappearance.
But what reason could he have? What possible reason?
Thought it might. It's off an arrest report you typed two years ago. Man you wanted samples of everybody.
I don't know. It looks familiar to me.
Think this is our guy?
Yeah.
Well?
I looked it up.
That's how the other one died, you know. In the water.
I believed her: the Dumper was not Tom Grunemann.
He's right you know. Waiting for the pusher, she'd tell you anything.
Unknown, unidentified and unwanted. And there's more every day man, there's more everyday.
That's a lot of people to die unknown.
Mr. Streiger, speaking frankly -- we've appreciated the Sergeant's interest you know, all along. Here, locally. But New York, that's - well --
We'd expect him to work in cooperation with you. He'd report to each of you and to our Company's New York office, to Pete -- Pete goes there on a regular schedule back and forth, and --
Yes sir, we know he --
Klute knew Tom. He has a great many ideas about the case --
Klute offered us his services; we've accepted.
Private investigation, you mean. Yes sir, of course you're entitled, and there's some very competent --
Inspector we understand your position; ours is a little different. We have an investment in Tom Grunemann. The Company has an investment, and we feel entitled to investigate for ourselves.
The subject got emotionallv disturbed; he just dropped out. There's thousands.
Trask --
Why couldn't you ever find out anything from the girl?
No sir, we don't state that. We're countin --
Are you closing the case?
