Agent Mapp! Thank you!
Agent Starling! Telephone!
He knew her...!
Hot damn, Clarice.
"- every day."
But why? He didn't weight the others.
'Cause she didn't drift. He weighted her down.
Fredrica Bimmel, from Belvedere, Ohio. The first girl taken, but the third body found... Why?
The one that was weighted down. Where is she...? Fred something.
What girl?
Well, except for the one girl.
But there is no pattern. There's no connection at all among these places, or the computers would've nailed it! They're even found in random order.
Not random at all, maybe. Like there's some pattern here...?
"Desperately random." What does he mean?
He's here, Ardelia.
Lecter said a lot of things.
The worst part - the thing that's making me crazy - is that Bill is right in front of me. Only I can't see him...  Lecter said, everything I need to catch him is right here, in these pages...
Clarice - you did the best anybody could have for Catherine Martin. You stuck your neck out for her and you got your butt kicked for her and you tried. It's not your fault it ended this way.
It would be rude. And he wouldn't get to ask any more questions...
Why not?
No. He won't come after me.
Somebody's coaching her... They're trying to make him see Catherine as a person - not just an object.
Why does she keep repeating the name?
Boy, is that smart...
Pleading with a crazy man, with come all over my face.
You missed Fourth Amendment law. Unlawful seizure, real juicy stuff. Where were you all afternoon?
Thanks, Ardelia.
Phone call, Clarice. It's God.
Stay cool. Just remember to call him "God."
What'd I do?
I love it when you talk dirty.
Never cock. Just squeeze.
Damn, Clarice, how'd you make me?
Listen, I hope you never need a thing I've taught you. But you've got something... Jack sees it, I do too. If you ever need to, you can shoot.
I will... I promise.
Wear it, don't ever leave it in your purse. Dry fire it whenever you get the chance. And do your exercises.
He's got a lot on his mind besides Buffalo Bill... His wife, Bella, is real sick. Comatose... I'm tellin' you about it now, 'cause he may never.
Sometimes.
Jack's pretty tough on you, isn't he? Impatient...
I'll need the big fingerprint kit... and the one-to-one Polaroid, the CU- 5, with film packs and batteries.
Some fishermen in West Virginia found an unidentified girl's body. It's a Buffalo Bill-type situation. Been in the water about a week, and Jack needs somebody that can print a floater. Think you can handle it?
Where?
Get your field gear, take stuff for overnight. You're goin' with Crawford.
Shut UP!  The other officers will be here any minute! you're perfectly safe now!
NOOOOO! You fucking bitch don't you LEAVE ME down here, DON'T YOU - YOU
Catherine. Listen to me. I have to find a rope. I have to leave this room, just for a minute, but -
I don't know! Get me out!!
I'll get you out! Just be quiet so I can hear. Shut that dog up.  Is there a ladder? Is there a rope?
Get me out!
You're all right! Where is he?
Safe, SHIT, he's got a gun! Getmeout. GET ME OUT!
FBI, Catherine, you're safe.
He's my patient! I have rights!  I'm not just some turnkey, Miss Starling. I shouldn't even be here this afternoon. I had a ticket to Holiday on Ice.
Dr. Chilton, I told you - this is just routine follow-up on the Raspail case.
What you're doing, Miss Starling, is coming into my hospital to conduct an interview, and refusing to share information with me. For the third time!
But then I would've missed the pleasure of your company.
You might have suggested that in my office, and saved me the time.
Dr. Chilton - if Lecter feels you're his enemy - as you've said - then maybe I'll have more luck by myself. What do you think?
I'm going to show you why we insist on such precautions... On the afternoon of July 8, 1981, he complained of chest pains and was taken to the dispensary. His mouthpiece and restraints were removed for an EKG. When the nurse bent over him, he did this to her...
I understand.
Do not reach through the bars, do not touch the bars. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pens or pencils. No staples or paperclips in his paper. Use the sliding food carrier, no exceptions. Do not accept anything he attempts to hold out to you. Do you understand me?
Good. Then you should be able to remember the rules.
I graduated magna from UVA, Doctor. It's not a charm school.
A pretty young woman, to turn him on? I don't believe Lecter's ever seen a woman in eight years. And oh, are you ever his "taste" - so to speak.
How do you mean, Dr. Chilton?
Lecter carved up nine people - that we're sure of - and cooked his favorite bits. We've tried to study him, of course - but he's much too sophisticated for the standard tests. And my, does he hate us! Thinks I'm his nemesis... Crawford's very clever, isn't he? Using you.
I see.  Let's make this quick, then. I'm busy.
I'm sure it's a great town, Dr. Chilton, but my instructions are to talk to Lecter and report back this afternoon.
The market in Lecter hints is way down, today, okay? I've got two good men dead in Memphis, and three civilians. I've got -
But then he had to cover up, make her seem just like all the rest of them. That's what Lecter was hinting!
Starling -
Maybe he lives in this, this Belvedere, Ohio, too! Maybe he saw her every day, and killed her sort of spontaneously. Maybe he just meant to... give her a 7-Up and talk about the choir. But then -
Yes sir. I can find it by myself.
Do you need a police escort, Starling? Or do you think you can find the airport by yourself?
Sir, doesn't this "William Rubin" strike you as - I don't know - kind of vague?
He gave us a perfectly good description, and we're on it now, so we won't be needing your little novelty act any longer - or his, either. He's under close guard at the courthouse, pending a prison transfer. The next plane, Officer.
Lecter has already named Buffalo Bill.
Mr. Krendler... Dr. Lecter trusts me. Or at least, he used to. If I could just -
Gun. Jesus. Turn in the ID as soon as you get back. The gun, too. Be on the next plane, Starling, there's one in 90 minutes.
I need the ID to fly with my gun. The gun belongs in Quantico.
Your instructions are what I'm giving you now. Jack Crawford answers to the Director, and the Director answers to me. My God, Crawford's losing it...! He shouldn't even be on this, with his wife sick as she is... How the hell did you get in here, anyway? He gave you - what? Some kind of special ID? Let's have it.
Sir, Mr. Crawford instructed me -
You're out of line, Starling, and you're off this case. Back to Quantico.
Not yet! - just wait for me.  Maybe in about two seconds.
Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better come out now, Miss Starling.
Mr. Yow? Oh Mr. Yow...? It looks like somebody is sitting in this car.
Oh.
That wasn't me.
You're playing a piano, Miss Starling?
Okay, Mr. Yow...
Okay, Miss Starling?
Good idea.
Might I suggest tucking your pants into your socks? To prevent mouse intrusion.
Mr. Yow, if this door should fall down -ha ha! - or anything else - would you be kind enough to call this number? It's our Baltimore field office. They know you're here with me... Do you understand?
I won't disturb anything, Mr. Yow, I promise. Be gone before you know it.
Not to my knowledge. Privacy is a great concern to my customers. But, if you say this is an FBI matter...
Did she leave any records here? Tax or business records? Maybe a list of employees?
Yes. I bought the house from her, two years ago.
Mr. Gordon, did you take over this place after Mrs. Lippman died?
I think we may be, yes.
Are they close to catching somebody, do you think?
Thanks.
Mrs. Lippman had a son, maybe he could help you. I have his card somewhere. Do you mind stepping inside, while I looks for it?
No. Wait... Was she a great, fat person? I may have seen her, I'm not sure...
Mr. Gordon, did you know Fredrica when she worked for Mrs. Lippman?
Jack Gordon.
I'm investigating the death of Fredrica Bimmel. Who are you, please?
Just briefly. What's the problem, Officer?
Excuse me, but I really do need to talk to you. This was Mrs. Lippman's house. Did you know her?
Yes sir. Thank you, sir...
Starling - you've earned back your place in the Academy. We never would've found him without you, and nobody's ever going to forget that. Least of all me.
Yes sir... I'll do my best.
No, Starling, there isn't time. And you've still got crucial work to do in Ohio. We want him for murder, not kidnapping. I'm counting on you to link him to the Bimmel girl, before he's indicted.
Chicago's only about 400 miles from here. I could be there in -
Take a bow. Customs had some paper on his alias. They stopped a carton two years ago at LAX - live caterpillars from Surinam. The addressee was "John Grant." Calumet Power & Light's given us two possible residences under that alias. We're hitting one, Chicago SWAT's taking the other.
Sewing...
This Gumb's a real beauty. Slaughtered both his grandparents when he was twelve, and did nine years in juvenile psychiatric. Where, Starling, he took vocational rehab, and learned a useful trade...
Johns Hopkins finally came up with a name for us. We fed him into Known Offenders, and he came up cherries.  Subject's name is "Jamie Gumb," AKA "John Grant." Lecter's description was accurate, he just lied about the name.
Sir, that's great news. But how -
Where?
Starling, we know who he is! And where he is. We're on our way now.
That's why they're all so big - because he needs a lot of skin! He keeps them alive to starve them awhile - to loosen their skin, so that -
Starling -
He's making himself a "woman suit," Mr. Crawford - out of real women! And he can sew, this guy, he's really skilled. A dressmaker, or a tailor -
He's going to kill her, Mr. Crawford. This morning, or maybe at noon, but today, and Belvedere's our last chance. I'm flying there, right now, unless you stop me. You want my ID? Here - take it...
With ID and a gun...? Impersonating a federal agent is a felony.
But I just became a private citizen. I can go anywhere I want to.
I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now.
But not from this angle. Not thinking he knew her. You've got to send me!
Ohio is cold ground. Picked over, ten months ago. Our people worked it, so did the locals.
You do until six p.m.
You heard them. I don't have that authority anymore.
All his victims are women... His obsession is women, he lives to hunt women. But not one women is hunting him - except me. I can walk in a woman's room and know three times as much about her as a man would.  I have to go to Belvedere.
They'll use their best men. But they better be paying attention...
Mr. Crawford... can those cops down there handle Dr. Lecter?
Good idea. Meantime, try to get a feel for Catherine Martin. Her apartment, her friends... how he might've stalked her. I'm going to the other two clinics, Minnesota and Ohio.  Now's the hardest part, Starling. Use your anger, don't let it keep you from thinking. Just keep your eyes on Catherine. We've got less than 30 hours.
I lied to Lecter. I'll need some kind of peace offering... Can I get the drawings from his cell?
Or just as worthless. But I want you in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when he gets tired of toying with Senator Martin, he'll talk to you again. There's a plane waiting for you now at the airstrip.
Lecter is still the key, I know he is. Whatever he told me about Bill is just as good now as it was before.
If you didn't want me chasing him, you shouldn't have taken me to that funeral home.
I'm 53, Starling. If I found Jimmy Hoffa on national TV, I'd still have to retire in two years. It's not a consideration. But you are...  You've done enough. If I keep you out of school any longer, you'll be recycled. Cost you six months, at least. I can guarantee you readmission here, but that's about it.  Now's your chance, Starling. Go back to class. Leave Bill to me.
Are you in trouble over this, Mr. Crawford? Can Senator Martin do something to you?
Let's get some coffee and talk.
Chilton has killed her, hasn't he? That slimy little bastard! We were so close with Lecter - and now her last chance is gone.
She doesn't know what we're up to. And we can't afford to let her find out.
You'll back me up with some paperwork?  Then I'll try. But wouldn't this have more weight coming from the Senator herself?
State to federal jurisdiction... We can do it - eventually - but we'll never get all the clearances in time. Can you convince him a deal's already in place?
Transfer to a new prison. With a view of trees, he said, or even water... Can we swing that?
What would it take?
I think he means it, this time. I think he'll deal.
If we act too anxious, he'll make us wait. He'll let the Senator keep hoping, day after day, until Catherine finally washes up. That'd be the most fun of all.
But if he knew we have so little time -
He offered to help, Starling, not to snitch. That wouldn't give him enough chance to show off. Remember, Lecter looks mainly for fun. Never forget fun.
He's already offered to help... What would happen if we just showed our cards - asked him for Bill?
But for Catherine Martin, it all comes down to you and Lecter. You're the one he talks to.
Raspail was killed by the same man who's killing these girls. And Lecter knows him. Maybe even treated him... You think so, too, don't you? Or you'd never have sent me to that asylum.
You seem pretty sure of that.
Then have the lab check Raspail's head.  Dr. Lecter's patient - have them probe his soft-palette tissues... They'll find another cocoon.
The other girls are in the ground. Exhumations are upsetting for the families. I'll do it if I have to, but -
I'm wondering if he's done that before - placed a cocoon, or an insect. It would be easy to miss in an autopsy, especially with a floater... Can we check back on that?
When we get back, I want you to run that bug by the Smithsonian, see if they can identify it. Maybe it's got some limited range, or it only breeds at certain times of year... You found it, Starling, you deserve the credit.
Point taken.
It matters, Mr. Crawford... Other cops know who you are. They look at you to see how to act... It matters.
When I told that sheriff we shouldn't talk in front of a woman, that really burned you, didn't it?  That was just smoke, Starling, I had to get rid of him. You did well in there.
They weren't there. Get close-ups.
I don't know. I didn't see those on any of the other girls...
Well, she's not local. Her ears are pierced three times each, and she's wearing green glitter nail polish. Looks like town to me...
What do you see, Starling?
He starts this - buzzing in me, in my head. He makes me feel violated... You used me, Mr. Crawford.
Are you finished?
You knew. You knew from the start that Lecter held the key to this... But you weren't up front with me. You sent me in to him naked.
What should I say? You did fine work. We'll wait on the lab.
You haven't said a word today about that garage. Or what I found there.
Okay, Starling. Let's have it.
Like I have a "knack" for Dr. Lecter?
Maybe you've got a knack for this... I guess we're about to find out.
He's got a real taste for it now. And he's getting better at his work.
Why not?
What he does with them - takes privacy... Time, tools... He's in his 30's or 40's - he's got real physical strength, but combined with an older man's self-control. He's cautious, precise, never impulsive... This won't end in suicide, like they often do.
Why?
He's a white male... Serial killers tend to hunt within their own ethnic group. And he's not a drifter - he's got his own house, somewhere. Not an apartment.
Talk about him, Starling. Tell me what you see.
Good idea, but he thought of it, too. We've run simulations, using different vectors and the best dates we can assign. You put it all in the computer, and smoke comes out. No, this one is different. This one has seen us coming...
There's no correlation at all between where they're kidnapped and where they're found...?  What if - what if you trace the heaviest-traffic routes backwards from the dump sites? Do they converge at all?
Blue square for Belvedere, Ohio, where the Bimmel girl was abducted. Blue triangle where her body was found - down here in Missouri. Same marks for the other four girls, in different colors. This new one, today... washed up here.  Elk River, in West Virginia, about six miles below U.S. 79. Real boonies.
You don't have to feel any way about it. Lecter did it to amuse himself. Why not, what can they do? Take away his books for awhile, and no jello...  I know it got ugly today. But this is your report, Starling - take it as far as you can. On your own time, outside of class. Now carry on.
I'm here, sir, I just - I don't know how to feel about it.
The orderly heard Lecter whispering to him, all afternoon, and Miggs crying. They found him at bed check. He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you. I told the little prick your conduct was flawless.  Starling...?
Murdered...? How?
Miggs has been murdered.
Sir, what is it? There's something you're not telling me.
Then do that, Starling. Do just exactly that.
To complete and file my report by 0800 Wednesday. But sir -
Do you recall my instructions to you, Starling? What were they?
Sir, that's a field job. It's outside the scope of my assignment. And I've got a test tomorrow on -
Well? Why aren't you there right now?
I spent all evening on the mainframe. Lecter altered or destroyed most of his patient histories, prior to capture. No record of anyone named Mofet. But "Split City" sounded like it might have have something to do with divorce. I tracked it down in the library's catalogue of national yellow pages.  It's a mini-storage facility outside Baltimore, where Lecter had his practice.
He mentioned a name, at the very end. "Mofet..." Any followup on her?
Right down to the kleenex I used.  Sir, why? Is something wrong?
Every word, Starling? Every gesture?
It's all there, sir, practically verbatim.
I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out?
And what is that, sir?
Be very careful with Hannibal Lecter. Dr. Chilton at the asylum will go over the physical procedures used with him. Do not deviate from them, for any reason. You tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head... Just do your job, but never forget what he is.
Yes sir.
Now. I want your full attention, Starling. Are you listening to me?
You're qualified and available. And frankly, I can't spare a real agent right now.
Yes, well... Okay, right. I'm glad for the chance, sir, but - why me?
The psychiatrist - Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
Who's the subject?
You see, the one we want most refuses to cooperate. I want you to go after him again today, in the asylum.
Not yet.
We're trying to interview all of the serial killers now in custody, for a psychobehavioral profile. Could be a big help in unsolved cases. Most of them have been happy to talk to us. They have a compulsion to boast, these people... Do you spook easily, Starling?
A job's come up and I thought about you. Not really a job, more of - an interesting errand. Walk me to my car, Starling.
I hope so. They haven't posted anything.
Your instructors tell me you're doing well. Top quarter of the class.
Good morning, Mr. Crawford.
Starling, Clarice M., good morning.
Dr. Lecter...
They live in Malaysia. In this country, they'd have to be specially raised, from imported eggs.
And there's no way - no natural way - these could've wound up in the bodies?
Not lately. But maybe someday.
Ever get out for cheeseburgers and beer? The amusing house wine...?
I try to be a student, Dr. Pilcher.
What do you do when you're not detecting, Officer Starling?
Freddie was so happy for me when I got this job. This - toaster giveaways, and Barry Manilow on the speakers all day - she thought this was really hot shit. What did she know, big dummy...
Sometimes you do.
You get to travel around and stuff? I mean, better places then this?
I think so.
Is that a pretty good job, FBI agent?
She died. She went to Florida to retire, like two years ago? She dies own there.
Where does Mrs. Lippman live? I'd like to talk to her.
Oh sure, me'n Pam Malavesi used to help her do alterations for old Mrs. Lippman. Lots of people worked for her, she had the business from all these retail stores? But she was like, totally old, it was more'n she could handle.
Did you ever work with her?
No way. She had a guy, I'da known, believe me. Sewing was her life, she was really great at it. Poor Freddie.
Stacy, did Fredrica ever mention a man named Jamie Gumb? Or John Grant?  Do you think she could've had a friend you didn't know about?
They said she was just rags, like somebody -
Goodbye, Clarice...  You looked - so very lovely today, in your blue suit.
You know I can't make that promise.
I have no plans to call on you, Clarice, the world being more interesting with you in it. Be sure you extend me the same courtesy.
Dr. Lecter -
Your lambs are still for now, Clarice, but not forever... You'll have to earn it again and again, this blessed silence. Because it's the plight that drives you, and the plight will never end.
Well, Clarice, have the lambs stopped screaming...?
Starling.
Promise...?  Then why not take your case file? I won't be needing it anymore.
Yes. I'll tell you.
Brave Clarice. Will you let me know if ever the lambs stop screaming?
Dr. Chilton... I believe you know each other?
Tell me his name, Dr. Lecter.
Thank you, Clarice.
Yes! I don't know...! I don't know.
Do you think if you saved Catherine, you could make them stop...? Do you think, if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark, ever again, to the screaming of the lambs? Do you...?
Yes...
You still wake up sometimes, don't you? Wake up in the dark, with the lambs screaming?
But what became of your lamb?  Clarice...?
I didn't get more than a few miles before the sheriff's car found me. The rancher was so angry he sent me to live at the Lutheran orphanage in Bozeman. I never saw the ranch again...
I don't know. I had no food or water. It was very cold. I thought - if I can even save just one... but he got so heavy. So heavy...
Where were you going?
I took one lamb. And I ran away, as fast as I could...
But you could. You did.
No. First I tried to free them... I opened the gate of their pen - but they wouldn't run. They just stood there, confused. They wouldn't run...
So you ran away...
Yes...! They were screaming.
They were slaughtering the spring lambs?
Got dressed without turning on the light. I went downstairs... outside...
What did you do?
What was it?
I heard a strange sound...
Then something woke you. What? Did you dream...? What was it?
Early. Still dark.
Not "just," Clarice. What set you off? You started what time?
And - one morning I just - ran away...
I'll listen now. After your father's murder, you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And - ?
Later, listen, I'll -
We don't reckon time the same way, Clarice. This is all the time you'll ever have.
Dr. Lecter, when there's time I'll -
No. It's your turn to tell me, Clarice. You don't have any more vacations to sell, on Anthrax Island. Why did you run away from that ranch?
All right, then tell me how -
No. Precisely. We begin by coveting what we see every day. Don't you feel eyes moving over your body, Clarice? I hardly see how you couldn't. And don't your eyes move over the things you want?
No. We just -
No, he covets. That's his nature. And how do we begin to covet, Clarice? Do we seek out things to covet? Make an effort to answer.
Anger, social resentment, sexual frus-
What is the first and principal thing he does, what need does he serve by killing?
No! That's incidental.
He kills w-
First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing, ask: What is it, in itself, what is its nature...? What does he do, this man you seek?
Then tell me how.
I've studied the case file, have you...? Everything you need to find him is right in these pages. Whatever his name is.
I think you were telling me the truth in Baltimore - or starting to. Tell me the rest now.
Clarice... you're hardly in a position to accuse me of lying.
Dr. Lecter, you find out everything. You couldn't have talked with this "William Rubin", even once, and come out knowing so little about him... You made him up, didn't you?
Nobody sent me. I came on my own.
How very thoughtful... Or did Crawford send you here for one last wheedle - before you're both booted off the case?
I thought you might want your drawings back... Just until you get your view.
Yes, Doctor. Please.
That's enough, I think. Happy hunting. Oh, and Clarice - next time you will tell me why you ran away. Shall I summarize?
How would he test?
The personality inventories would trip him up. Rorschach, Wechsler, House-Tree-Person... He wouldn't test like a real transsexual.
On what basis would they reject him?
There are three major centers for transsexual surgery: Johns Hopkins, the University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical center. I wouldn't be surprised if Billy has applied for sex reassignment at one or all of them, and been rejected.
You said - I was very close to the way we'd catch him.
Billy's not a real transsexual, but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things, I expect.
No...! Quid pro quo, Doctor.
Did he try to?
No.
Why, Clarice? Did the rancher fuck you?
I - ran away...
Why so briefly?
Two months.
How long did you live there?
Horses - and sheep...
A cattle ranch?
I went to live with my mother's cousin and her husband in Montana. They had a ranch.
After your father's death, you were orphaned. What happened next?  I don't imagine the answer's on those second-rate shoes, Clarice.
No. Tell me why.
Clever girl. You're so close to the way you're going to catch him - do you realize that?
Dr. Lecter, there's no correlation in the literature between transsexualism and violence. Transsexuals are very passive.
The significance of the moth is change. Caterpillar into cocoon into beauty... Billy wants to change, too, Clarice. But there's the problem of his size, you see. Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one...
Quid pro quo, Doctor.
You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.
No. He was strong, he lasted almost a month. My mother - died when I was very young, so my father had become - the whole world to me... After he left me, I had nobody. I was ten years old.
Killed outright?
He was a town marshal... one night he surprised two burglars, coming out the back of a drugstore... They shot him.
Tell me. Don't lie, or I'll know.
The death of my father.
What's your worst memory of childhood?  Quicker than that. I'm not interested in your worst invention.
Go, Doctor.
Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it will be "turns" with us, too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though - about yourself. Yes or no?  Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock...
That's just part of the island. It has a very nice beach. Terns nest there.
"Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center." Sounds charming.
I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice. Enchant me.
A moth... How did you predict that?
Was it a butterfly?
She had an insect deliberately inserted in her throat. That hasn't been made public yet. We don't know what is means.
Mmm. And what else...?
They all were.
Big through the hips. Roomy.
Yes.
Life's too slippery for books, Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from the same God.  Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was she a large girl?
By the book, he's a sadist.
That is both impudent and untrue... Tell me, how did you feel when you viewed our Billy's latest effort?  Or should I say, his "next-to-latest"?
I was your choice, Dr. Lecter. You chose to speak to me. Would you prefer someone else now? Or perhaps you don't think you can help us.
Buffalo Bill...?  Bill killed him, all those years ago...? That's impossible.
Oh, a very naughty boy. Someone you and Jack Crawford are most anxious to meet.
Who killed your patient?
I've been in this room for eight years, Clarice. I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree, or even water. I want to be in a federal institution, away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me, but he won't. You persuade him.
Who killed Raspail, Doctor...? You know, don't you?
Punishment, you see. For Miggs. Just like that gospel program. When you leave, they'll turn the volume way up. Chilton does enjoy his petty torments.
Or doesn't this all begin to suggest to you a kind of... negotiation? There's something Crawford can give me, and I want to trade for it. I even wrote to him, offering my help. But he hates me, so he won't deal directly.
I don't know. Is it?
Not anymore.  Surely the odd confluence of events hasn't escaped you, Clarice. Crawford dangles you before me. Then I give you a bit of help. Do you think it's because I like to look at you, and imagine how good you would taste...?
That doesn't interest me, Doctor. And it's the sort of thing Miggs would ask.
Your first lie to me, Clarice. How sad. Tell me - do you think Crawford wants you, sexually? True, he's much older, but - do you think he visualizes... scenarios, exchanges...? Fucking you?
I never thought about it.
Jack Crawford is helping your career, isn't he? Apparently he likes you. And you like him, too.
I don't know. Next time I'll have to check.
Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life?
Because you weren't wasting my time.
Ahhh... Why?
Scared, at first. Then - exhilarated.
And have them clomping about in my life? Oh dear, no... At that time I still had certain private amusements of my own.  How did you feel when you saw him, Clarice? May I call you Clarice?
Wouldn't it have been easier to just leave him for the police to find?
Who can say...? Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere.
If you didn't kill him, then who did?
His real name is Benjamin Raspail. A former patient of mine, whose romantic attachments ran to, shall we say, the exotic...? I didn't kill him, merely tucked him away. Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments. You'd have him under "Missing Person" - which, in poor Raspail's case, could hardly be more true.
Why don't you tell me about "Miss Mofet?" You wanted me to find him. Or do I have to wait for the lab?
I might if I saw the case file. You could get that for me.
Why? Do you know something about him?
Why don't you ask me about Buffalo Bill?
How did -  It's nothing. A scratch.
Your bleeding has stopped.
Advancement, of course.  Go to Split City. See Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-O-F-E-T... Now go. Go.  I don't think Miggs could manage again so soon, even if he is crazy - do you?
What's that, Dr. Lecter?
No. But I will make you happy... I'll give you a chance for what you love most, Clarice Starling.
Then please - do this test for me.
I would not have had that happen to you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably ugly to me.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti... Fly back to school, little Starling.
And the questionnaire...?
And you'd hate to think you were common. My, wouldn't that sting! Well you're far from common, Officer Starling. All you have is the fear of it.  Now please excuse me. Good day.
Reasonably so. Yes.
You're a tough one, aren't you?
You see a lot, Dr. Lecter. But are you strong enough to point that high- powered perception at yourself? How about it...? Look at yourself and write down the truth.  Or maybe you're afraid to.
No. I only hoped that your knowledge -
Oh, Officer Starling... do you think you can dissect me with this blunt little tool?
No. You ate yours.
I didn't.
It excites him. Most serial killers keep some sort of trophies.
Witless and misleading. Why do you think he takes their skins, Officer Starling? Thrill me with your wisdom.
I'll tell you if you'll look at this form.  It started as a bad joke in Kansas City Homicide. They said... this one likes to skin his humps.
Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say.
Partially, yes. But Doctor, that's an active case, I'm not involved. If -
All flayed...?
Five... so far.
How many women has he used, our Bill?
No, I came because we need -
Jack Crawford must be very busy indeed if he's recruiting help from the student body. Busy hunting that new one, Buffalo Bill... Such a naughty boy! Did Crawford send you to ask for my advice on him?
I'm only asking you to look at this, Doctor. Either you will or you won't.
No, no, no. You were doing fine, you'd been courteous and receptive to courtesy, you'd established trust with the embarrassing truth about Miggs, and now this ham-handed segue into your questionnaire. It won't do. It's stupid and boring.
Dr. Lecter, if you'd please consider -
Memory, Officer Starling, is what I have instead of view.
All that detail, just from memory...?
Yes. That's the Duomo, seen from the Belvedere. Do you know Florence?
Did you do those drawings, Doctor?
I have no doubt of it.
Maybe they'll catch up.
It's much better than your shoes.
Yes.
I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan skin cream, and sometimes you wear L'Air du Temps, but not today. You brought your best bag, though, didn't you?
He said - "I can smell your cunt."
Now then. What did Miggs say to you?  "Multiple Miggs," in the next cell. He hissed at you. What did he say?
Mmmmm... That's rather slippery of you, Officer Starling. Sit. Please.
We're talking about psychology, Doctor, not the Bureau. Can you decide for yourself whether or not I'm qualified?
Jack Crawford sent a trainee to me?
I'm - still in training at the Academy.
That expires in one week. You're not real FBI, are you?
May I see your credentials?
I am, yes.
"We" being the Behavioral Science Unit, at Quantico. You're one of Jack Crawford's, I expect.
Doctor, we have a hard problem in psychological profiling. I want to ask for your help with a questionnaire.
Would you, Doctor? That would be so kind.
It may be that - I could confer with my colleagues on this. And get back to you.
Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this.  He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks.
I doubt very much that the FBI or any other government agency can keep a secret, Mr. Crawford. Truth will out... And then what? Will you give Johns Hopkins a new identity? Put a big pair of sunglasses on this building, and a funny nose?
Look... search your own records, if you prefer. You can do it a lot faster than us, anyway. If we find Buffalo Bill through your information, I'll suppress it. Nobody has to know this hospital cooperated.
That's a childish, bullying stunt, Mr. Crawford. I was a battlefield surgeon, so you can put away your picture.
Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg, she was just ID'd. I met her on a slab in West Virginia. And sometime tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's going to do the same thing to Catherine Martin.
You want to see a violation? This is a violation...
Examination and interview materials are confidential. We've never violated an applicant's trust, and we never will.
Dr. Danielson, the man we want was never your patient. It would be someone you refused because he tries to conceal a record of criminal violence. Please, Doctor - time is eating us up. Just show me the ones you've turned away.
I'm not having a witch hunt here, Mr. Crawford! Our patients are decent, non-violent people with a real problem.
Oh, and Senator...? Love you suit.
Thank you, Doctor. I'll keep it in mind.
Senator Martin...! You can't trust Jack Crawford or Clarice Starling. It's such a game with these people. They're determined to get the arrest for themselves. The "collar," I think they say.
Let's go with it.
Toughened your nipples, didn't it...?  Six foot one, strongly built, about 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but may have lied. That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know.
Yes... I did.
Did you breast-feed her?
What...?
You have my word. Paul?
I won't waste your time and Catherine's time bargaining for petty privileges. Clarice Starling and that awful Jack Crawford have wasted far too much already. I only pray they haven't doomed the poor girl... Let me help you now, and I'll trust you when it's all over.
The Latin name comes from two rivers in Hell. Your man - he drops these girls into rivers, every time. Didn't I read that?
Better known to his friends as the Death's-head Moth...
Just ignore him. He's not a Ph.D.
I'm the one who found his perforating proboscis! Are you wearing a gun, right now?  Ooh, cool! Can I see it? Can I?
Your West Virginia specimen gave us quite a bit of trouble, but I finally managed to narrow his species through chaetaxy - studying the skin.
Officer Starling. Welcome back.
Of course it counts. How do you play?
No fair! You lured him with produce.
Time, Pilch! My move.
