Duncan, you are absolutely gallant. If Cora doesn't marry you, I shall.
The men of the regiment will fetch water from the lake, build fires and provide every comfort you desire, Alice...
Absolutely.
Can we rest soon?
Are you alright?
I won't sleep tonight. What an adventure!  I absolutely cannot wait to return to Portman Square, having laid eyes upon the full-blooded, red men in the wild!
Yes, miss.
We leave in the morning?!
My God, you've grown up.
Winter with the Delaware, my father's cousins. And in the spring, cross the Ohio and look for land to settle with my father in a new place called Can-tuck-ee.
Where will we go?
I have nothing to go back for.
Will you go back to England?
Alice?
And my compliments to you...
...never doubt what you are doing.
Listen. Submit. You hear me?  You're strong. You stay alive. I will find you...  no matter how far, how long it takes...
Yes. I want you to go.
In this there is a chance. If I live, I can try to free you. If we don't go, there is no powder, there's too many of them.  Though my heart would keep me here, in that there is no chance. None. I can do nothing. Do you understand?
Our father? Did you see my father?
Maybe...
Are we safe?
I don't know. Whatever happens you stay with your father. You stay among the officers.
What is it?
Do not.  Promise me.
No. I will find you.
Webb's reinforcements will arrive or not.  If they do not arrive, the fort will fall. If that happens, stay close to your father.  The French will protect the officer class among the English.
What would you have me do?
Because what I am interested in is right here...
They're going to hang you.  Why didn't you leave when you had the chance?
Why, I am looking at you, Miss.
What are you looking at, Mr. Poe?
Miss.  May I?
Mr Poe?
Top of this ridge. Fort and Lake George are downhill of it.
Much further?
On the contrary. It is more deeply stirring...  to my blood...  ...than any imagining could possibly have been...
Sorry to disappoint you...
You are right, Mr. Poe. We do not understand what is happening here. And it is not as I imagined it would be, thinking of it in Boston and London...
'Cos frontier land's the only land affordable to poor people. So after seven years indentured service in Virginia, they headed out here where they are beholden to none and not livin' by another's leave...  Their name was Cameron. John & Alexandria.
In London those radical ideas could land you in Newgate prison.  Why were those people living in this defenseless place...?
The Bible. Monarchy. Many wrong ideas about the government of men. My father's people already know each man is his own nation. And only he can have dominion over himself. Not kings. No man is better than any other man.
And what were the consequentialities of European culture you didn't bother with?
My father sent Uncas & I to Reverend Wheelock's school when I was ten. So we would know both worlds... though we were told only bother learning readin' & arithmetic from yours.
How did you learn English?
I do not remember them. I was one or two.
I'm sorry.
They buried my ma & pa and my sisters. And Chingachgook - who found me with two French trappers - raised me up as his own.
Thank you so much.
In your particular case, miss, I would make some allowance...
"We're a breed apart and we make no sense"...?
Why did they turn back?
The Ottawa are gone.
Yes. And "do not try to understand them.  That is because they are a breed apart and they make no sense..."
What?!
Yes. He said... "do not try to make them understand you."
He did?
Chingachgook. He warned me about people like you.
Your "father"?
Well that is to be expected. My father...
You were acting for our benefit. And I apologize. I misunderstood you.
You knew them.
Anyone lookin' to pick up our trail, would see it as a sign of our passing...
Why didn't you bury those people?
I will not. I have seen the face of war before, Mr. Poe, but never war made on women and children. And almost as cruel is your indifference.
Let us go, miss.
Though they are strangers, they are at least entitled to a Christian burial!
Yes I do! I know exactly what I am saying.  And if it is sedition, then I am guilty of sedition, too!
You do not know what you are saying!
"Justice"?  If that's "justice"..., then the sooner French guns blow the English army out of America, the better it will be for these people.
But the man is guilty of sedition and subject to military justice and beyond pardon.
He knew the consequences. And he stayed.  Are those the actions of a criminal?  ...Duncan, do something.
The man encouraged the colonials to desert in this very room, in my presence. He is guilty of sedition and must be tried and hanged like any other criminal, regardless of what he did for my children.
I sent three men to Webb!
There was no letter.
What?
There was none!
My letter...
When? How?
Told you to stay away from this hell hole!  Why did you disobey me?
What are they doing to Duncan? Duncan!
... compliments, Mr. Poe.  Take her and get out.
What the bloody hell plan is this?
Yes. Go ahead.
You are defending him because you've become infatuated with him.
They do not live their lives "by your leave."  ...They hack it out of the wilderness with their own two hands, burying their dead and their children along the way.
You know he wouldn't send me...! You misrepresented what you saw and caused this.  I, too, was at that farm. It was as he said...
He knew the penalty for breaking regulations.  He ought to pay without sending you to beg.
Munro is expecting him to be the good soldier in defense of British military interests.
beyond the periphery of men, staring at him.
I am sorry, Duncan...
I see...
Duncan...  Duncan, I promised you an answer. You have complimented me with your persistence and patience... But the decision I've come to is I'd rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment.
Cora, I adore you and, when we come together, we will be the happiest couple in England...  I am certain of that. More than ever before.  I believe you must trust the judgment of others who hold your welfare so close to their hearts...
He delivered no such message.
One called Magua arrived.
It can be dangerous...
My God, Alice.
Yes. Yes, I will.
Will you consider that?
Cora, in my heart, I know once we're joined, we'll be the happiest couple in England. Let those whom you trust, your father, help settle what's best for you. In view of your indecision, why not rely on their advice and judgment as well as mine?
Cousin Eugenie, my father, but...
"Some"?
Some say that's the way of it.
Isn't respect and friendship, a reasonable basis for a man and woman to be joined? And all else may grow in time...?
Dear Duncan, my affection is as towards a closest friend. Alice and I depend on you and respect you immensely... I wish they did, but my feelings don't go beyond that. Do you see?
Aversion?  No... "Hatred"... "Loathing"...
You still have an aversion to the water?
And by sea!
I'm embarrassed to be so indecisive... after so long apart and after you've traveled so far...
: Only one or two loads.
Any powder?
You will have to forego the pleasure of hangin' me.
And if we're unlucky?
Then we take the south rim down the mountain and it's 12 miles cross country to Fort Edward.
Then what?
This is it, as far as we can go... If we're lucky, they'll be figurin' we can't have come this way and must've beached our canoes and headed cross land. If we're very lucky, they'll figure we went over the falls.
I don't understand!
We don't.
Where do we go from here?
Do you hear me, sir!  If you ever fall... into British hands...  What white water?
Head for... for the white water.
Only chance we got is...  ... to get more distance on 'em and go to ground!
How long?
Major!  Some day I think you and I are gonna have a serious disagreement.
I ought to have you whipped from this fort!
That is the truth!
That is sedition! Treason!
And if English law cannot be trusted, maybe these people would do better makin' a peace with the French!
Excuse me...
Ottawa!
Who were these people?
Do not let gratitude get in the way...
I owe you gratitude or I'd call you out!
England does not protect me and does not war against France on our account. She uses us to war against France on her own account...  of greed for land and furs.
Then you are one of those who would allow England to fight alone while she protects you from France?
I ain't your "scout". And I am in no damn militia.
I thought all our colonial scouts were in the militia?
No. Headin' west. To Can-tuck-ee.
Fort Edward, then?
No.
Then you're assigned to Fort William Henry?
Came across the war party, tracked 'em.
Of course not!  And how is it you were nearby?
No blood vengeance? No re-proach or insult?
Miss Cora Munro. He never set eyes on her before today.
Dark haired...
What?!
He is Huron and nothing else.  Why would he want to murder the girl?
Colonel Munro sent him. He was one of our Mohawk allies.
Day and a half  Where did you get... the guide?
How far is it, scout?
...Fort William Henry.
We were headed...
Your wounded should try walkin' back to Albany.  They'll never make a passage north.
...No...Do not call myself much of a subject at all.
You, sir! You call yourself a loyal subject?
You do what you want with your own scalp.  Do not be tellin' us what to do with ours.
... and while they are cooped up in your fort, what if the French send war parties to raid their homes?
Will you men help us stop the French?
First place, you started it with the French over fur-trapping claims to the head waters of the Ohio.  Now you're sayin' these people have a fight on their hands...
Really? Do you want them to overrun all New York colony?
I said... France is your enemy. Not ours.
What did you say?
Your enemy...
It should be enough to remind you France is the enemy.
It does and it is a better lookin' reason than you, Jack Winthrop.  Push hard, 'cos you got to clear the French outpost by dawn.  Good luck, Jack.
That reason wear a blue dress and work in the surgery?
Got a reason to stay.
You're not coming with us?
I'll cover them from the top of the casement.
Out the northern sally-port. Strike for the east side of the swamp until you clear the French picket line. Head north over the ridge, then come about southeast and fork left in Little Meadow and you're free of the outpost and skirmishers...
I believe if they set aside their law as and when they wish, their law no longer has rightful authority over us. All they have over us is tyranny, then. And I'll stay here no longer.  No force on earth will keep me here... Anyone caught leavin' the fort could be shot. So each man make your own decision... Those who are goin', be back here in an hour.
We'll see in the morning...
Folks here goin' to join in that fight?
A French & Indian army out of Fort Carillon's heading south to war against the English. I'm here to raise this county's militia to aid the British defense.
So what is it, Jack? What brings you up here?
Tradin' your skins in Castleton?
That we did. John. But the horicane  is near trapped out.
Would the Huron make his Algonquin brothers foolish with brandy and steal his lands to sell them for gold to the white man?  Would the Huron have greed for more land than a man can use? Like Francais Black Robes do?  Would Huron kill tribes with disease? Would the Huron fool Seneca into taking all the animals in the forest for beads & brandy? But sell the fur to the white man for gold?...  Those are the ways of Yengeese and Les Francais masters. Are they the ways of Huron men who hunt & work the land? Or of dogs?  ...Magua's heart is twisted. He would make himself into what twisted him. A Dog, become Master of Dogs. But are Hurons dogs?  ...Magua's way is false. It is like the white sickness. Magua's way will bring only sadness and shame. Is there another way? I don't know.  I am Nathaniel of the Yengeese; Hawkeye, adopted son of Chingachgook, of the Mohican people... Let the children of the dead Munro go free... I speak the truth.
The red man put down the bow, picked up the fire stick and became the best warrior in the forest. Yes. It is the only way.
Magua would use the ways of Les Francais and the Yengeese...
No.  Huron serve no one. The French father believes he fooled Magua because he is so proud of his cleverness, he is blind. But it is the Huron path that Magua walks down, not the French one... Now, Les Francais, also, fear Huron. That is good. When the Huron is strong from their fear, we will make the terms of trade with Les Francais. And we will trade as the white man trades. Take land from the Abnakes; fur from the Osage, Sauk & Fox. And make the Huron great. Over other tribes. No less than the whites, as strong as the whites.
So the Huron are the servants of the French?  To do what the French are shamed to do?
Wise one, the French fathers made peace and swore to their honor not to break the friendship. Magua broke it. It is false that the French would not be friends, still, to the Huron.
Our father, Montcalm, is greater than the Yengeese in the arts of war. The Huron do not fear English anger.
Let the children of the dead Colonel Munro go free and take the fire out of the English anger over the murder of their helpless ones.
You forget yourself!
Easy for you to suppose. While it is their women and children, not yours, alone in their farms!
I'll have none of that!  Montcalm is a soldier and a gentleman. Not a butcher.
What did you see, Major?
That judgment is not more important than their right under agreement with Webb to defend their farms & families... Major Heyward was at John Cameron's. He saw what it was.
That's all, sir.
Many men here, their homes are in the path.
It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier.
Yes, Mr. Poe? So?
...not enough time to get to Albany and back with reinforcements...
A man, here, can make a run straight through to Webb.
What else?
Help ourselves to a few horns from your powder stores.
By your leave, sir.
The Scotsman's daughters are at the Poltroon's house. A company of the 33rd will accompany you and Magua will show you the way.
Yes. You may.  You there. What does Munro call you?  The "Scotsman" has sent one of his Indian allies to guide you.
Sir!... Might I inquire if General Webb has heard from Colonel Munro's daughters? I was to rendezvous with them in Albany and escort them to the fort.
You will take command of the 62nd Regiment of Foot. At Fort William Henry under Colonel Munro. I will march the 33rd to Fort Edward.
I thought British policy is 'Make the World... England', sir.
I know.  One has to give Americans "reasons" and make agreements to get them to do anything at all.  Tiring, isn't it?  But that's the way of it here.
The Crown "negotiating" the terms of service?
And what is that?
I didn't experience anything so surprising from Bristol to Albany as what I witnessed here today.
The decision is final.
Sir!
Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not.
General Webb can burn in hell. We'll go back and dig our graves behind the ramparts! Our mission is to fight.
I have lived to see two things I never expected.  An Englishman afraid to support a friend. And a Frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage.
You have heard your answer, Monsieur le Marquis. 
This is the signature of Webb.  And I know the temper of our men. Rather than spend the war in a French prison hulk in Hudson Bay, they'd fight to the end.
And who empowered these provincials to pass judgment upon England's policies in her own colonies? To come and go without so much as a "by your leave."
Not with enough certainty to outweigh British interests in this fort.
Terrible feature of war in the Americas.  Best to keep your sight fixed on our duty.
Things were done. Nobody was spared...
Only twelve miles away! He could be here day after tomorrow.  Find your man, sir! Captain Beams will give you the message.
Yes, sir.
Webb's at Edward?
Webb's not in Albany. He marched the 33rd to Fort Edward two days ago.
Logistics are his guns are bigger than mine and he has more of them. They keep our heads down while his sappers make thirty yards of trench a day. His thirteen inch mortars have a two hundred yard range, so when they're close enough, they'll move them in, lob explosive rounds over our walls and pound us to dust. They look to be three hundred yards out.  Bloody murderers.  You have three days.
Might I enquire after the situation, sir, given that I've seen of the French engineering from the ridge above?
What a place for them...
Thank you. How can I reward you?
Ambush... on the George Road. This Magua led us into it.  ...eighteen killed. It's these men who saved us. They guided us here...
What happened to you?
Sir. Webb has no idea. And he certainly does not know to send reinforcements!
Does Webb not even know we are besieged?
Fire!
Right - about face! March! First rank present!
Yes sir!
Men are to stay in file, Sergeant Major!
Atten-hut!
Thank you, Sergeant Major. Thank the men.
Sir!
Sergeant Major!
Fire!!!
Shoulder arms!  Present! 
Sir!!!  Third rank! Twelve paces! Forward march!
Advance, Sergeant Major!
Fire!!!
First rank! Second rank! Present arms! 
Sir!  Upon the center, wheel to the left- about!  March!  Rear ranks, proper distance!  Front ranks, take your distance! March!  Halt!  Make ready! 
Sergeant! Form three ranks!
Heart. Give Magua new heart.
What is enough?
The King? The King has mountains of gold!
How much gold has the master of the Yengeese?
Yes.
For Munro children?
Gold could be arranged.
Yengeese Major give all property to Magua.  Magua give Yengeese Major much wampum, many gifts, maybe three, four oxen.
Yes.
Does Yengeese Major have property across salt sea?
Yes.
Wampum?
Three, four oxen... much wampum.
Gifts?
If Magua give women to Yengeese soldiers... will receive many gifts.
Magua say: "Yes. Good idea."
Excuse me. What did you say?
"Magua understand paleface is a dog to his women.  When his women want to eat, he lay aside his tomahawk to feed their laziness."
No. Stop in the glade just ahead! When the ladies are rested, we will proceed. Do you understand?
I understand. This is not good place to stop.  Two leagues from here. No water 'til then.  That where we stop. Better place.
We must... stop... soon. Women are... tired.  You... understand?
Does the rule of English law no longer govern?  Has it been replaced by absolutism?
This interview's over! The militia stays!
Nathaniel's word been good on the frontier a long time before you got here!
British promises are honored. And the militia will not be released. Because I need more definite proof than this man's word!
We are not forgettin' Webb's promise!
I judge military matters, Captain Winthrop, not you.
Chingachgook's of the same opinion. Taken together, that's gospel. Your fort will stand or fall depending on Webb and reinforcements, not these colonials' presence.
I must receive proof more conclusive than Mr. Poe's opinion before I weaken our defenses by allowing militia to withdraw.
Many things my French father cannot do, Magua can.
Munro would. But General Webb will not send their soldiers across the salt lake.  Having let them go, I fear I will only fight the same men again when I move south.  And yet, I cannot break the terms of the capitulation and sully the lilies of France...
Does the chief of the Canadas believe the English will keep the terms?
My son Magua's pain is my pain.
Magua slept hard in the English wigwams.  And the sticks left their mark...  Magua's village and lodges were burnt. Magua's children were killed by the English.  Magua was taken as a slave by the Mohawks who fought for the Grey Hair. Magua's wife believed he was dead and became the wife of another. The Grey Hair was the father of all this.  In time Magua became blood-brother to Mohawk to become free. In his heart he always was Huron.  And his heart will be whole again on the day when the Grey Hair and all his seed are dead!
My son has been sadly injured. Who did this?
And this?
That's where a lead bullet has torn you.
That Le Renard has the power to lead his people into the light, I know well.
Where is that sun?! It has gone behind the hill.  It is dark and cold. It has set on his people, they are fooled and kill all the animals and sell all of their lands to enrich the European masters who are always greedy for more than they need.  And Le Subtil is the son of his tribe. There have been many clouds and many mountains. But now he has come to lead his nation.
But so many suns have set since Le Renard struck the war post. Is he not tired?
Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood.  It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried.
My master owns these lands and your father has been ordered to drive off the English squatters. They have consented to go. So now he calls them enemies no longer.
Not a warrior has a scalp and the white men become friends.
Yes.
Is the hatchet buried between the English and my French father?
When the Grey Hair is dead, Magua will eat his heart. Before he dies Magua will put his children under the knife so the Grey Hair will see his seed is wiped out forever.
Why do hate the Grey Hair, Magua?
Granted, Monsieur.
I am deeply touched by such unusual and unexpected generosity... The fort is yours under the condition that we be given until dawn to bury our dead, prepare our men and women for their march and turn our wounded over to your surgeon.
Allow me to consult with my officers.
Carry them to England to your King with pride.
My colors?
Granted.
The honors of war?
They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition... Other than that, ask what you wish.
Their arms?
My master requires the fort be destroyed.  But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied. None of your men will see the inside of a prison barge. They're free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent, and the civilian militia return to their farms.
Such as...?
Perhaps the General's glasses can reach to the Hudson and he knows the size and imminence of the army of Webb...?
Honor that is freely accorded to courage, may be refused obstinacy... These hills afford to us every opportunity to reconnoiter your works and I am possibly as well acquainted with your weak condition as you are yourselves.  Is Webb really en route and Montcalm hopes to take the fort by duplicity before British reinforcements arrive?
However I may apprise such testimony from Monsieur Montcalm, Fort William Henry is strong and stands.
You have already done everything which is necessary for the honor of your Prince. I will forever bear testimony that your resistance has been gallant and was continued as long as there was hope. But now, I beg you to listen to the admonitions of humanity. I beg you to consider my terms for your surrender.
Monsieur le Marquis, I am a soldier, not a diplomat. You called this parlay for a reason.
Please accept my compliments for the strong and skillful defense of your fortress. Under the command of a lesser man it would have fallen long ago given the superior numbers and material... mere chance has allowed me to array against you...
And I to make yours, Monsieur le Marquis.
Colonel Munro, I have known you as a gallant antagonist. I am happy to make your acquaintance as a friend.
Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant, mon enfant.
C'est bien, vous vous promenez bien matin, monsieur!
La victoire.
Le mot d'ordre?
France.
Qui vive?
