It's pathetic. You can't be desperately in love when you're 14 years old.
So?
Joanie Orozco's telling the whole school she's like desperately in love with Santo Guerra.
Just shut up.
And those stupid girls who hang out with them--
I don't pretend I came over on the Mayflower--
Who'd want to be friends with that bunch of pachuco wannabes?
I'm not talking to you. You don't have any friends.
You jerk--
Catholic school, nasty.
Two years at hard labor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help.
And what did she do?
I said pretty much the same thing to my mother when I was your age.
It's my life. If I want to fuck it up, that's my business.
If you grew up to he anywhere near as good a man as your father was, I would be happy! I would be thrilled.
Oh, come on--you and Grandma think anybody who works with their hands is a peasant. When Dad--
That isn't true.
I'm not settling for anything. I like cars, it's just not a move up the ladder to you, so you think it's a waste.
I think you can learn whatever you want to. I just don't see you doing it. If you want to settle for--
You think I can't learn that?
You can fix old cars. Mr. Washburn told me that the cars they're making now are all computerized--
I can fix cars.
How do you think you're going to make a living?
Save your breath. That line doesn't cut it with me.
They stole our land--
That makes it okay?
Just some rich Anglo out on the lake. Don't even live here all year.
Don't try to con me, Amado. You knew how they got all those things.
They're not going to jail.
So I'm worried about you. I don't want you to end up in jail like your friends.
So?
--you're going to be on your own.
I can't take any more school.
I'm only going to have you for two more years. If you decide not to go on to college--
You and all of the teachers in this dump--your story's over, so you don't want anybody else to have fun.
Leave your sister out of it.
Just 'cause I'm not like Little Miss Honor Roll here--
Oh, come on, Amado--
If you had your way I wouldn't have any friends.
You'll find out when I get you home. Thanks, Sam.
I don't know what the big deal is.
Thank you, sir.
You're dismissed, Private.
Yes, sir.
Why don't you start with that?
No, sir. They all been real straight with me.
Any serious problems with your sergeant or your fellow soldiers?
No, sir. Not at all.
Do you think you've been discriminated against on this post?
They got people to fight. Arabs, yellow people, whatever. Might as well use us.
Why do you think they let us in on the "deal"?
Chaos.
Outside it's--it's such a mess--it's--
Because it's a job?
I do, sir.
With your attitude, Private, I'm surprised you want to stay in the service.
I mean, follow orders, sir.
Do whatever they tell you--
Work hard, be good at your job. Sir. Do whatever they tell you.
How do you think I got to be a colonel?
It's their country. This is one of the best deals they offer.
Please.
You really want to know, sir?
Well?
And that's the job? Nothing about serving your country?
The--the officers.
Who's "they"?
Follow orders. Do whatever they say.
What exactly do you think your job is, Private?
I am, sir.
You don't sound too enthusiastic.
I-I can do the job, sir.
Do you believe in what we're doing here, Private Johnson?
Yes, sir--
When you were given the opportunity to enlist, a kind of contract was agreed upon. I think the Army has honored its part of that agreement.
I'm sorry, sir.
Then how would you explain the fact that out of one hundred twenty people we tested, you're the only one who came up positive for drugs?
No, sir--
Private Johnson, are you unhappy in the Army?
Thank you, Sergeant Major.
You're dismissed.
Thank you, Sergeant Major.
If the incident happened the way you say it did, there hasn't been an infraction.
Will this go on my record?
He's going to lose a lung. This is not good news for Athena--
Out of the Army?
He'll live.
Sergeant Major? How is Richie doing? Private Graves?
I'm sorry, Sergeant Major. There wasn't anything I could do. Shadow gets crazy--
It's not our job to get involved in your personal life, but when it interferes with the training here--
From back in Houston. We both come up on Fifth Street.
So you knew this young man before?
Yes, Sergeant.
You and one hundred nineteen other fortunate individuals. Put it in gear.
You're testing me?
I'm very happy to hear that, Private. Now you go put some pee-pee in a cup for Dr. Innis and I'll be feeling okay, too.
I'm feeling okay--
Report to Dr. Innis at the clinic.
Sergeant?
Private Johnson!
I know that, Sergeant. We were just dancing. There was a bunch of us there. Shadow just come down looking for trouble.
We're not running a dating service here.
We were just dancing--
And you and Private Graves--
If I had I wouldn't have gone in.
Did you know he was going to be there last night?
Yeah, it's a pretty cold trail.
What I will do is keep names out of it till we got some answers or hit a dead end. You know how the press is with a murder story--even if it's forty years old.
You got to investigate. No question about it.
If it was some poor mojado, swam across at night, got lost in the scrub and starved out there, we wouldn't go any further. But this is a formerly prominent citizen.
So is Buddy on your short list?
Just wondering.
He swore by it.  What?
A .45--
Colt Peacemaker.
You uhm--you remember what old Buddy carried for a side arm?
So he could have gone out to the base, hopped the fence, dug down into the dirt on the old rifle range and had a heart attack.
Skull was intact, no soft tissue left--not much to go on.
You got a cause of death?
Everybody on the border knows that story.
You know the popular version of how he left town.
Yeah.
--it didn't come out of a cereal box.
That badge--
Charley Wade.
Male, 40 to 50 years old, five-foot- eleven, chewed tobacco--then we get into the dental records--
Nice job.
We find a body, it's either Skinny or Stinky, depending on how much meat there is on the bones.
Skinny?
Yeah, this is Skinny.
That the word on our boy?
Yeah, we'll have folks swimming over to Mexico to work in the sweatshops.
Gonna pull a lot of jobs out of this county.
September '97, that's all she wrote.
I hear they're closing that post down.
Business is booming. Got your drugs, got your illegals--had a shooting the other night at Big O's--Soldier got ventilated.
How's business?
Hey, Ben. Thanks for coming down.
Sam the Man.
Now or later, Charley. You won't have any trouble finding me.
You little pissant--
There's not a soul in this county isn't sick to death of your bullshit, Charley. You made yourself scarce, you could make a lot of people happy.
You're fired. You're outta the department.
Whole different story; isn't it?
Who said anything about shootin' anybody?
You ever shoot anybody was looking you in the eye?
You do whatever I say you do or else you put it on the trail, son.
I'm not picking it up.
You feeling bad for Jimmy? Have him tell you the size of the mordida they took out of his hide when he run a place on the other side. Those old boys in Ciudad Leon--
That's not the point.
There's gonna be some left over for you, Buddy. I take care of my boys.
It's your deal. You sweated it out of him, you pick it up.
I roust some muchacho on the street, doesn't have his papers, all he got to say is "Yo trabajo para Jimmy Herrera."
So?
Jimmy got a kitchen full of wetbacks, most of 'em relatives. People breed like chickens.
What's that for?
Thanks. I like it when you say that, Sam.
You look good, Bunny. It's nice to see you.
"I only got my little girl now," he says, "she's my lifeline." Then he tells me I can't be in the box anymore if I can't control myself. Sonofabitch don't even watch the damn game, just sits there drinking with his bidness friends, look up at the TV now and then. I do better to sit in the cheap seats with some real football people.
I think they have another fella there to keep it off your chest. A spotter.
This boy from West Side, plays tackle both ways. Bench-presses 350 pounds. You imagine having that much weight on top of you? Pushing down? Be hard to breathe. Hard to swallow.
What?
350 pounds.
No, it wasn't, was it? You didn't exactly throw yourself into it heart and soul, did you?
It wasn't just you, Bunny.
You kind of bought yourself a pig in a poke, didn't you, Sam? All that time we were first seeing each other you didn't know I was tightly wound--
Suppose not.
You watch the draft this year? 'Course you didn't, idiot question. They try to make it dramatic, like there's some big surprise who picks who in the first round? Only they been working it over with their experts and their computers for months. Doctor's reports, highlight reels, coaches' evaluations, psychological profiles--hell, I wouldn't be surprised if they collected stool samples on these boys, have 'em analyzed. All this stuff to pick a football player for your squad. Compared to that, what you know about the person you get married to don't amount to diddly, does it?
You didn't--uhm--you didn't have one of your fires, did you? The stuff I left in the garage--some of it was my father's--
Yeah. Sort of. Daddy rounds 'em up. You aren't talking about money, their beady little eyes go dead.
No. You?
Least he never called me that. With me, it was always "high-strung." "My Bunny might have done something with her life, she wasn't so high-strung." Or "tightly wound," that was another one. You seeing anyone?
Bunny, is that stuff I left in the garage still there?
Daddy hired a pinhead to take your job. He says so himself. Says "Even my son-in-law was better than this pinhead I got now".
Best part of the job.
You look awful good in that uniform, though.
Same weight I always was.
Daddy calls it an "altercation." How you doing, Sam? You look skinny.
You were in a fight--
--they hadn't pulled me off that woman I would have jerked a knot in her.
Yeah, well--
--and that squeaker the Aggies dropped to Oklahoma-sonofabitch stepped in some lucky shit before he kicked that goal--
You look good--
Last year was awful rough--Mama passing on and the whole business with O.J.--I mean it's not like it was Don Meredith or Roger Staubach or one of our own boys, but it really knocked me for a loop--
No, you look good. I was just wondering.
Do I seem jumpy?
Bunny, you--uhm--you on that same medication?
Well, Daddy's got his box at the stadium, of course, and I'll fly to the Cowboy away games when they're in the Conference. Then there's the high school on Friday' nights. West Side got a boy 6'6", 310, moves like a cat. High school, we're talkin'. Guess how much he can bench-press?
You still going to all the home games?
Rio. BUNNY Right. This kid, Hosea Brown? Does tire 40 in 3.4, soft hands, lateral movement--the whole package. Only a sophomore--
Oh. Right. And you're in--?
That's in Maverick County.
The Longhorns gonna kick some serious butt this Saturday, you just watch. We got a kid at tailback from down your way--outta El Indio--
He never asked her.
My mother said he never asked about--
Otis went on like you were that guy who won the Gulf War. Colin whatsit.
It's a small post and they're phasing it out in two years, but I moved up in rank and--well, a command is a command.
Yeah, I know--Man made me memorize the whole damn Army chain of command before he'd marry me. So this is a big deal, commander and  all?
I'm a colonel.
Otis stood on good terms with the man. Whenever you do something makes the news, he sends it on. When they made you General, Otis just about drove away all our customers going on about it.
Uncle Al--
Your mother got a brother--Alphonse--
Where'd he get all this?
There was a bunch of 'em You never met. Me neither.
I never met her.
I been here with him eight years now. He built it when he was with Leora.
You've been in this house for a while?
Come on in.
If it's too late--
Come on in--
Colonel. Is uhm--is Otis in?
Hey, it's the General.
So that's him--
You'll get official notification when I make my decision. He is out the door--Otis pulls himself a beer as Carolyn steps back out--
Well, he's living proof of that, son. Living proof.
My father says the day you're  born you start from scratch, no breaks and no excuses, and you got to pull yourself up on your own.
By blood you are. But blood only means what you let it.
So I'm part-Indian?
These are our people. There were Paynes in Florida, Oklahoma, Piedras Negras--couple of 'em won the whatsit-- Congressional Medal Of Honor--
So how come you got into all this?
When you're his age you'll still be pissed off about him.
He's still pissed off about it.
Didn't have a father?
I mean, just 'cause he didn't--you know--
Well--
Public Display of Affection. Every time he moves up a rank, it's like he's got to tighten the screws a little more--
PDA?
No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's--
He's a pretty tough old man, huh?
Are you kidding? And face a court- martial?
You didn't go telling your father you were here?
That guy who got shot--
I got a pretty good guess.
You know who I am?
They were in the Army. Like your father.
But they were Indians themselves.
Same as they done in Mexico.
They fought against the Indians?
Men worked for Santa Anna down there, waited out the Civil War. The land wasn't much to feed people on, so in 1870 they come north and put up at Fort Duncan and the men joined up what was called the Seminole Negro Indian Scouts. Best trackers either side of the border. Bandits, rustlers, Texas rednecks, Kiowa, Comanche--
They got tired of fighting, went to the Indian Territories for a while. But the slave-raiders were on 'em even there, and one night they packed up and nearly the whole band rode down to Mexico. Crossed at Eagle Pass.
So they stayed in Florida?
They teaching that now?  Good. Only a couple of 'em held out--this man, John Horse, and his friend Wild Cat, and a fella name of Osceola. Army put all of them in prison and Osceola died, but them other two escaped and put together a fighting band and held out another ten, fifteen years. Beat Zach Taylor and a thousand troops at Lake Okeechobee.
The Trail of Tears.
He was part of the Seminole Nation, got pushed down into the Everglades in pioneer days. African people who run off from the slaveholders hooked up with them, married up, had children. When the Spanish give up Florida, the U.S.Army come down to move all them Indian peoples off to Oklahoma--
Both.
He a Black man or an Indian?
Spanish in Florida called him Juan Caballo. John Horse.
Go out through the back.
No sir.
You weren't in here tonight, were you?
Cool.
Maybe we'll clean that thing out back up, have a barbecue next weekend. We could invite him and his wife over.
He does.
Yeah. He lives here, right?
My father.
Are we going to ever see your father?
Good.
Fine. I'm pretty much moved in.
How's your room shaping up?
No.
You wouldn't?
Not that I don't think you'd be good at it, but--you know--I wouldn't be disappointed if you decided to do something else with your life.
So you're going into the Army?
You got to be in the Army, you might as well have something slick to drive.
Tanks, huh?
I finished that. I'm just messing around.
Homework?
How many B-average students do you think they take at West Point?
I have a B average.
I thought we already had this out? Next year, if your grades are high enough--
Dad, I talked to the track coach--
Dad, can I talk to you about track?
Big O was always there with a  smile or a loan or a free drink.
"Hey, Delmore, where's your Daddy?"
Dad--?
Dad--
Otis Payne was never embarrassed about a thing in his life.
My government can go fuck itself, and so can yours. I'm talking about people here--men. Mi amigo Eladio Cruz is giving some friends of his a lift in his camion one day--
Your government always been pretty happy to have that line. The question's just been where to draw it
Bird flying south-you think he sees that line? Rattlesnake, javelina-- whatever you got--halfway across that line they don't start thinking different. So why should a man?
You ever know a fella named Eladio Cruz?
Something like that.
Made some money, came back here--
Fifteen years in El Paso.
You lived in the States for a while?
This place, the one across the street, four other ones around Ciudad Leon-- soy el Rey de las Llantas. King of the Tires. Lots of your people rollin' back over that bridge on my rubber.
You own this place?
Recycling, right? We invented that. The government doesn't have to tell people to do it.
What's it doing on a rifle range?
They were using M-1's, yeah--
This is the stuff we picked up the other day, right? The rest of this is all .30 caliber--
Yeah?
It's a .45.
What--it's a bullet. I'm lousy with bullets here.
Mikey look at this--
If I stayed out past ten with the guys she'd go into her Madame Butterfly routine--
Mikey--
Her parents acted like I was gonna blow my nose on their curtains--
Mikey--
I knew she was Japanese going into it, but she didn't tell me the ninja assassin part--
Hey, Mikey--
Always heartwarming to see a prejudice defeated by a deeper prejudice.  But marriage, man--I did two tours in Southeast Asia and I was married for five years--I couldn't tell you which experience was worse.
Priscilla says they think any woman over 30 who isn't married must be a lesbian. She figures they'll be so relieved I'm a man--
You met her family? They gonna be cool about you being a white guy?
Maybe.
You going to get married?
I think it's beyond what you'd call dating.
Never thought I'd see the day a buddy of mine was dating a woman with three up and three down on her shoulder.
You get the feeling he doesn't want to be here?
Guy cracks walnuts with his asshole.
We had a kid pass out in the men's room. The town isn't much.
Since I've been stationed here? A fistfight now and then--
He can't hear with that rig on-- Mikey!
The Sheriff says we shouldn't touch anything,
Cliff--
You live in a place, you should know something about it. Explore--
Cliff--
Man knows a hundred-fifty varieties of beer, he can't tell a poinsettia from a prickly pear.
Looks like a lot of cactus to me.
It's not just cactus.  There's the nopals, the yuccas--
You finding lots of cactus and shit?
I don't know why I'm talking to you, you've got that thing on your head.
Right.
It's a lead mine.
What?
Lead mine.
This place is a gold mine.
You know who it was they dug up?
They stopped training infantry there in the late '50s. It was just a playground for the jackrabbits till they gave it to the county last year.
Man's gonna retire in two years and he offer to quit. Big goddamn deal.
I'd quit the Army for you, if it came to that.
It's up or out these days, Cliff. Say I get transferred to a different post--
You could take it--
And if I get a shot at a promotion somewhere--
We should just do it.
We been through this before--
Seriously, I think we should get married.
Seriously.
Well--I don't see what's changed. No - PDA's, no necking on the obstacle course.
So where does that put us?
She's pulled herself out of a pretty rough neighborhood.
But I'm the one in charge of her sorry ass.
Hey--she's in a tough situation. I cut her some slack--
You spoil 'em, Cliff.
He'll probably be getting a medical discharge--
He'll be transferred to a military hospital as soon as he's stabilized--
Sheriff Deeds was in on our archeological find yesterday.
Pleased to meet you.
Sheriff--hi--this is Sergeant--this is Priscilla Worth.
Old bullets.  He uhm-- makes art with them.
Treasure hunter?
Masons been around a long while.
That ring--
I've got the forensics fella coming down from the Rangers. No way to know how old the body is without some lab work.
This was a rifle range way back when. But we figured it isn't Army land anymore, it's your jurisdiction.
I was driving back from Apache Wells when they got me on the radio.
Old Sam stood for somethin', you know? The day that man died they broke the goddamn mold.
Yeah. I bet he would.
--but just as a kind of safety tip.
--warning. Not 'cause he had it in for the colored
Take that pair over in the corner--
You mixed drinks bad as you mix metaphors, you be out of a job.
You joke about it, Sam, but we are in a state of crisis. The lines of demarcation has gotten fuzzy--to run a sucessfull civilization you got to have lines of demarcation between right and wrong, between this one and that one--your Daddy understood that. He was like the whatchacallit-- the referee for this damn menudo we got down here. He understood how most people don't want their sugar and salt in the same jar.
Good deal you were born down here, then.
--but I gotta say I think there's something to this cold climate business. I mean, you go to the beach- what do you do? Drink a few beers, wait for a fish to flop up on the sand. Can't build no civilization that way. You got a hard winter coming, though, you got to plan ahead, and that gives your cerebral cortex a workout.
If the next guy's a redneck.
Now I'm just as liberal as the next guy--
Appreciate it, sir.
I sprint the last quarter mile. You gentlemen don't have to keep up if you don't care to.
I meant on the post. In general. How are you dealing with it?
Well, yeah, but I went through the Program. I haven't had a drink since--
Substance abuse?
You know how it is, Colonel--first time away from home, dealing with new people--I remember my first hitch--
Have we had trouble there before?
There's not that much down here, Colonel. Big O's is the only place in the county that our African American soldiers are uhm--that they feel comfortable in.
Because I'm your father.
Why would you want to do that?
I gonna meet that family of yours?
A lot of 'em choose both. There's not like a borderline between the good people and the bad people--you're not either on one side or the other--
And people make their choice--
Over the years, this is the one place that's always been there. I loan a little money out, settle some arguments. Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night. There's not enough of us to run anything in this town- the white people are mostly out on the lake now and the Mexicans hire each other. There's the Holiness Church and there's Big O's place.
I hear things, too.  People call you the Mayor of Darktown.
Right.
The Army hands you a command, you go wherever it is.
I been hearing rumors about this new commander coming for a couple weeks now. Boys say they heard he's a real hard case. Spit-and-polish man. Full- bird colonel name of Payne, they say-- Bet you never figured you end up back here.
That's right.
Well, you're the Man out there now, aren't you? It's your call.
We have an enlisted man's club at the post.
Your boys out there cooped up together, need somewhere they can let the steam out. If they're Black, there's not but one place in this town they feel welcome. Been that way since before you were born.
I assume a lot of your business is from our people.
This is an official visit, then--
So tell me why I shouldn't make this place off-limits.
So.
Nice to meet you, Ma'am.
This here's Carolyn. Honey, this is my son, Delmore.
If I thought it would help I'd put up a sign telling them not to. Right under the one about the employees washing their hands.
Deal drugs in the bathroom--
It's a bar. People come together, drink, fall in love, fall out of love, air their grudges out--
You get much of that in here?
That's where he fell.
That where he was shot?
Hobby of mine. Got some artifacts, couple pieces one of your men out at the base made. Free admission.
Black Seminoles?
Just a shotgun, huh? Better let me take a look at that.
Si--tengo escopeto--just a shotgun--
You carryin' a firearm, son?  Don't lie to me now.
Protection?
There's many an unfortunate soul been ambushed out on this stretch. Hope you're carrying some protection.
Bandidos, Injuns--
Reputation?
You know this road got a bad reputation, Eladio--
Eladio Cruz.
This same person been bragging all over the county how he don't have to cut that big gringo Sheriff in on it-- he can run his own operation 'thout any help. Como se llama, amigo?
I haven't seen anybody doing that.
I heard somebody been haulin' wets on this road.
Not much, jefe. Some watermelons.
What's in the back?
No hay de que. Tengo otra. [No problem, I've got another.]
Hola, amgio. Problemas de llanta? [Hey, friend. Tire problems?]
Me llama Eladio Cruz--Bienvenido a Tejas. [Welcome to Texas.]
Mercedes Gonzales Ruiz.
Como se llama? [What's your name?]
No te molestas. Tenemos a ella. [Don't worry. We've got her.]
Vi a Rosaria arastrado para el corriente--[I saw Rosaria taken away by the current--]
Aqui! Venga por aqui! [Over here! Come this way!]
No puedo ver la orilla! [I can't see the bank!]
Aqui! [Here!]
Donde esta? Estoy perdido--[Where are you? I'm lost--]
Don't worry about it. He owes me some favors.
Senora, anything it costs, I can work--
A casa de Porfirio Zayas. He used to be a doctor on the other side. Gunshot wounds, fixing babies--if you can pay he can handle it.
Donde vamos? [Where are we going?]
Rapidamente! Everybody in the world is going to see!
Tipico.
We have a daughter.
This girl has a child?
I am marry to the cousin of a friend-- but only to be able to live here. This is the mother of my child--
I thought you were married!
Es mi novia. [She's my girlfriend.]
This girl is a friend of yours?
No es la verdad--[That isn't true--]
You think you're doing these people a favor? What are they going to do? Either they get on welfare or they become criminals--
No! No puede hacer esto--[You can't do that--]
They need help. Jaime, Anselma-- esta es mi jefa--
Enrique! Quienes son estos? How could you bring them here?
We was crossin' the river--
Don't tell me lies, Enrique. Que paso?
We was by the river? And I hear my friend callin' for help, and I look and she has falling in the water--
You have somebody else out there?
I have some friends who have had a accident--
In English, Enrique. We're in the United States--
Hay pasado un accidente muy grave-- [There's been a bad accident--]
What are you doing out there? Are you crazy?
Soy yo, Enrique! No tiene miedo-- [It's me, Enrique. Don't be afraid]
Quien es? [Who is it?]
Senora Cruz?
Buenas noches, Senora Cruz. Enrique walks in the opposite direction--
Good night, Enrique. She slides into the car--
Is very beautiful, your car.
En ingles Enrique. This is the United States. We speak English.
Es muy lindo, su coche--
--but Buddy Deeds was my salvation.
Your mother was a saint.
We made our collection at Roderick's place and that was the last anybody seen hide nor hair of him.  He went missing the next day, along with ten thousand dollars in county funds from the safe at the jail.
Charley Wade were known to have put a good number of people in the ground, and your daddy gets eyeball to eyeball with him.
That Buddy was a cool breeze.
"Mas cerveza por favor."
And the Sheriff at the time was Big Charley Wade. Charley was one of your old-fashioned bribe-or-bullets kind of Sheriffs, he took a healthy bite out of whatever moved through this county.
'57, 1 believe--
The two of us were the only deputies back then me and Buddy--it's what-- '58--
Hell, everybody heard that story a million times.
Tell that one, Hollis--
That's not the whole story. The Mexicans that know, that remember, understand what Buddy was for their people.  Hell, it was Mercedes over there who swung the deciding vote for him.
They just wanted it to be one of theirs--
Bad enough all the street names are in Spanish--
King wasn't Mexican, Fenton--
Every other damn thing in the country is called after Martin Luther King, they can't let our side have one measly park?
Better late than never. Korean War hero, Sheriff for near thirty years-- Buddy Deeds Memorial P--
Big day coming up--I wish we'd have thought of it while he was still living. But he went so unexpected.
He was a unique individual.
Sam! I was just telling a few about your old man.
He known who it was onnacouna the tire tracks in the dirt from the back of the garage to where they loaded up. "Old Fishbait," he says, "never lifted a thing in this world if there was a way he could roll it."
Buddy Deeds. He had a way.
"Fishbait," says Buddy, in that quiet way of his, "What you know about them tires that went missing from markets?" Fishbait thinks for a minute, then he lifts up a loose board from the porch floor and calls down into it, "C'mon out, Pooter, they caught us!"
When you backed me you needed somebody named Deeds to bump the other fella out of office.  Hey, folks--
When we backed you--
We need a drug rehab program, we need a new elementary school--
Dammit, Sam, the people are concerned about crime--
We're already renting cells to the Feds for their overflow--
That's a matter of interpretation--
We don't need a new jail.
Which is why we need to talk to you about the new jail--just so we're all on the same page.
Rather have that than the ten-foot- high catfish statue--
That kind of talk doesn't help, Sam.
Jorge and his Chamber of Commerce boys got to keep things hummin'--
Seems like we have another one every week.
Historic occasion, isn't it?
Word gets out who that body was, people are gonna think Buddy done it.
Don't think the Rangers are likely to find out any more than they already have.
Widow's benefits. He figured it would make the disappearance look better, and that Mexican gal was just scrapin' by after Charley killed her man. They didn't get hooked up till late--
And the ten thousand?
The three of us cleaned up and took him to the post and put him under. Can't say I was much help.
Buddy Deeds was a murderer.
Buddy Deeds--
Yeah, and my mother was a saint. For fifteen years the whole damn town knew he had another woman on the side. Stole ten thousand dollars to set her up in business. But hell, what's that? You got a problem? Buddy'll fix it. Facing some time in jail? Buddy'll knock half of it off-- if you do what he says, when he says. You got some business that's not exactly legal? Talk to Buddy--
Your father had the finest sense of justice of any man I ever met--
Imonna find out one way or the other.
Open late.
Hey, Sam.
Fellas.
I got to go see somebody in San Antonio today. Your memory gets any better, I'll be back tonight.
You lived in the man's house what-- seventeen, eighteen years? And you didn't get to know him any better than that?
I think somewhere between Roderick Bledsoe's club and his house, Wade ran into Buddy Deeds. I think Buddy put a bullet in him, waited for him to die, threw him in the trunk of the Sheriff's car and drove him out by the Army post, I think he buried him under four feet of sand and never looked back.
Do you?
I got an idea what happened.
I wish I could tell you I remembered something new, but I can't.
Charley Wade.
We have a murder?
You thought any more about our murder?
Sam! Quite a do the other day. It meant a lot to folks that you said something.
Morning, Hollis.
And I understand why you might want to think he could.
People have worked this whole big thing up around my father. If it's built on a crime, they deserve to know. Now I understand why you might want to believe he couldn't do it.
We got that dedication tomorrow. This is a hell of a time to be draggin' up old business.
And Buddy was one of them.
There's no call for that, Sam. Fella made himself a pile of enemies over the years.
Besides my father, I mean.
Forensics people are sure of it. You have any idea who might have put him there?
No. I think his widow's still in their place in Darktown, though.  You think it's Charley Wade, huh?
He still living?
He owned the colored roadhouse before Big O--
Bledso
I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's--
You don't remember anything else from that last night you saw him, do you?
All it was wearing was a big old Masonic ring and a Rio County Sheriffs badge.
Charley? I believe he was. Used to go for lodge meetings over to Laredo. What's he got to do with your body?
You recall if Charley Wade was a Mason?
Was it Davy Crockett or Jim Bowie?
We found a body out by the Army base yesterday. Been there for a long time.
Just as well. The new people just painted it some God-awful color--
No.
You go by your old house?
I haven't been out here for a while.
Sounds great. Where do I sign up?
Floating around out here, playin' hell with them bass--play a little cards, play a little golf, drink some beer--
Sam! Hey podner! You caught me playing hooky--
I always wondered what you Mayors do when you're not cutting ribbons.
Look, I know you had some problems with your father, and he and Muriel-- well--
Right.
Oh--he come to an accommodation. Money doesn't always need to change hands to keep the wheels turning.
Not a peep. Buddy run the man out of town.
Never heard from him again?
She put it even at three to three, so as the Mayor I get to cast the tiebreaker. The older generation won't have any problem with it. They remember how Buddy come to be Sheriff, that it was all 'cause he took their part.
That so?
Right. But nobody here ever noticed him till they read his name on the national news--
--Santiago.
There was a faction pulling for that boy who was killed in the Gulf War-- Ruben--
Oh, you know, the usual troublemakers. Danny Padilla from the Sentinel, that crowd.
I heard there was a bit of a fuss.
Look, I'm not gonna campaign against your deal here, but if anybody asks me, I got to tell them the truth. We-- don't--need--a new jail.
There isn't money allocated for that. But a jail--
It wouldn't happen to be your construction company gonna get the bid on building this thing, would it, H.L. And Jorge, you wouldn't be thinking about a couple dozen new jobs to dangle in front of the voters--
There was a mandate in the last election--
Danny's gonna be out for blood the next time.
He agreed it wasn't exactly news--
The Perdido thing?
I got Eddie Richter at the Sentinel to kill that story.
You ought to put up a banner-- "Frontera, Texas: Gateway to Cut- Rate Pussy"--
Sam--
People come here to catch bass and to get laid at the Boy's Town in Cuidad Leon--
We're building up tourism, Sam--
You told me one time it was true love.
I'm unmarried. I'm not available.
The old-high-school-heartthrob Sheriff. I thought you were crazy about each other. He's available, you're available--
The Sheriff.
How 'bout the Sheriff?
All my mother does is work. That's how you get to be Spanish.
You got to be interested in somebody. All you do is work.
Sure, they go back to Cortez. When he rode by, they were squatting in a hut cooking hamsters for dinner.
Your mother's family is Spanish?
Spanish, please. My mother would have a heart attack.
Steve. Board of Education Steve who likes you? He goes for us hot-blooded Mexican girls, I can tell.
Steve?
Steve called for you.
"That boy"--Mami, say his name for chrissakes!
I never said that. It was just that boy--
What? Become a nun? You didn't want me going out with Anglos--
I felt that you could do better for yourself--
You made it pretty damn clear you thought he was nobody.
I never said that.
Mami, the first time I brought him home, those were your exact words-- "some chulo with grease under his nails."
I don't mean Fernando.
Thank you.
Maybe now. It was different back then. I had this place, I was doing all the shopping, all the cooking. What do I need some chulo with grease under his nails to drink up the profit?
Nobody's too busy.
I was too busy.
There must have been somebody.
How come you never got married again?
A little older than Paloma is now.
Right. When he was killed.
He was killed.
Mami, how old were you when my father--
You want to see Mexicans, open your eyes and look around you. We're up to our ears in them.
Oh, come on--you must be curious how it's changed. Amado is into this big Tejano roots thing and I've never been further than Ciudad Leon--
Why would I want to go there?
No. I was wondering if you'd like to take a trip down south with us. Maybe see where you grew up--
Did you come here to tell me how to run my business?
If you spent a little more time training them--
Nobody is illegal in my cafe! They've got green cards, they've got relatives who were born here--if they only had a little common sense I'd be very happy.
Well, you hire illegals--
If they're going to survive here, they have to know how to work, Elalco! Adelante! Los clientes esperan!
Maybe you're just getting less patient.
These ones coming up are getting stupider every year.
Do you remember the last time you saw him?
Not if they was colored or Meskin. Not if they wanted to keep breathin'.
People didn't complain?
Sheriff Buddy was a different story. Long as Roderick throw his weight the right way on election day, make sure all the colored get out to vote- we was called colored back then, if you was polite--maybe throw a barbecue for the right people now and then, things was peaceful. That Sheriff Wade, though, he took an awful big bite.
And my father?
Wasn't legal to sell liquor in a glass back then unless you was a club, see. Roderick used to say, "Buy yourself a drink, you get a free membership." But Sheriff Wade, he could shut you down anytime.
He squeezed money out of you?
Them days, you deal with Sheriff Wade or you didn't deal at all. First of the month, every month, he remind you of who you really workin' for.
You had to deal with him in running the club.
Not if I can help it.
So you must remember Sheriff Wade.
We run that twenty-odd years. Give it over to Otis Payne in 1967. April.
He had the club out on the old trail road--
I won't say nothing bad about the man, but you can ask away.
You mind if I ask a few questions about your husband? Roderick?
Well, don't ever start up on 'em, cause once you do you can't stop. I tell myself I'm gonna play just three little games after breakfast, and here I sit with half the day gone.
I've seen 'em.
You ever play one of these?
Yeah, that's the story of my life.
Sheriff Deeds' dead, honey--you just Sheriff junior.
I'm Sheriff Deeds--
That's me.
Mrs. Bledsoe?
I have new respect for some of my kids, meeting the parents they've been dealt--
I'd like to see them spend a day pulling 14-year-olds off of each other--I should get combat pay--
I don't think you can take it personally--
He's going to wish he was dead.
No. Is he sick?
Okay? He's not here?
Pilar, is uhm--is Amado okay?
Yeah. How about that? People start digging holes in this county, there's no telling what'll come up.
Hollis probably told you we found Charley Wade.
I'm not open. We were just talking.
He ever accept cash for a favor?
Buddy was more a part of the big picture--county political machine, chamber of commerce, zoning board if I kept those people happy, he was pretty much on my side.  Whenever somebody thought--they start up another bar for the black  folks, they'd be--how should I put this? They'd be officially discouraged.
What was your deal with him?
What about it?
And when my father was Sheriff?
Could of been. That was white people's business.
That was the night he disappeared?
Oh--I think he came in one more time with Hollis and--naw, your Daddy wasn't with them. Made their monthly pickup. Roderick wasn't in so I just kept my mouth good and shut and handed over that envelope.
And that was the last time you saw him?
I didn't understand the spot I was putting Roderick in.
Oh, my mother wanted to keep me away from away from boys.
How come?
I only went for my last two years.
Just 'cause you went to Catholic school and wore a uniform.
Enough with the clothes--
I could name five girls at school who have one just like it--
Nobody really wears that stuff, Paloma.
Can I get this?
Yeah. I had uhm--school business.
You got in late last night.
It's Saturday.
She finally got in--
What do you think?
What's she singing about?
For a while.
You gonna stay out here?
Yeah?
Mom?
It doesn't have anything to do with being smart.
What?
Of course you can.
Not if you have half a brain in your head.
Chucho Montoya saw it with his own eyes. Shot him in cold blood.
Murdered him?
He murdered Eladio Cruz. That tough enough for you?
I've heard Wade was a bit tough on the Mexicans--
Out in the fresh air, nice gringo lady making you pies--who's gonna sit back in a little jail cell all day? Sheriff Buddy, man. Como el no hay dos. And after that cabron Charley Wade--
You built our patio while you  were on the county?
It could have just been a box lunch from the jail.
Well, you were working there--
And your mother was a saint. That summer I built the patio at your house? She made me lunch every day.
So I've heard--
He was afraid I was going to poison somebody. Your father tried to do good for people--
I'm surprised he bothered with it.
That's how I ruined my stomach.
Different charge. I had a still. Made my own mescal.
I thought he busted you a couple times.
Your father never bothered me about it. Leastways not till the drug people got on his back in the late '60s.
I got a bad stomach. It helps me digest.
You're going to smoke an acre and a half of marijuana?
It was for personal consumption.
You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight.
Three months.
How much you got left?
Time marches on.
Hey, Pete. How's it going?
Morning, Sheriff.
Everything that went before, all that stuff, that history--the hell with it, right?
Yeah--
We start from scratch--
If I met you for the first time today, I'd still want to be with you.
I'm not having any more children. After Amado, I had some complications-- I can't get pregnant again, if that's what the rule is about--
I remember thinking you were the one part of my life Buddy didn't have a piece of--
From the first time I saw you at school--all those years we were married to other people I always felt like we were connected.
He paid the hospital bill when you were born. Your mom always calls you "our beautiful daughter" in the letters she wrote to him.
They can't pull this on me. It isn't fair--I don't believe this--
Buddy bought the cafe for her with money he took from the county. Pilar looks away, struggling not to cry--
I've never seen my mother in a bathing suit before.  Didn't know she owned one.
Try a year and a half. He bands her an old snapshot. PILAR looks at it--
Couple months before I was born--
You have any idea when your father died? Eladio?
She'll figure it out sooner or later. I don't have to ask permission anymore, if that's what you mean.
You gonna tell your mother we been seeing each other?
Eladio. Eladio. Cruz.
What was your father's name?
Yeah?
Pilar--
It isn't. Not by a long shot. He holds her and they lie silently for a moment--
I've felt that way, yeah.
Like your story is over.
Don't have kids. Other pictures--I don't know--it's nothing I want to look back on.
There's nothing on the walls. No pictures--
Two years.
How long have you lived here?
More, I hope.
So what are we gonna do about this?
I don't know. It just feels good. Always did.
How come it feels the same?
Yeah.
Wow.
I came back 'cause you were here.
Yeah?
You know the other day, you asked why I came back?
When Nando died--it was so sudden--I was kind of in shock for awhile. Then I woke up and there was the whole rest of my life and I didn't have any idea what to do with it.
Nothing.
I mean what did we know about anything?
Yeah.
I look at my kids in school--tenth, eleventh graders. That's who we were. Children.
Yeah.
We thought we were something, didn't we?
Looks real bad if the teacher's late for class. It's really nice to talk with you, Sam.
Pilar--
I should get back.
They've got me. Different thing.
You've got your mother, your kids--
It can happen so sudden, can't it? Being left out on your own.
I got to admit it's not what I thought it'd be. Back When Buddy had it-- hell, I'm just a jailer. Run a 60- room hotel with bars on the windows.
You don't want to be Sheriff.
Got divorced, I wasn't gonna work for my father-in-law anymore. The fellas down here said they'd back me--
So why did you come back here, Sam?
It might just be the age. I spent my first fifteen years trying to be just like Buddy and the next fifteen trying to give him a heart attack.
Fernando wasn't pissed off at everybody. He just wanted to fix their cars.
Fernando did okay, and he dropped out--
With Paloma, it's more like she pities and tolerates me- totally age- appropriate. But Amado--he's--he's never been book-smart. Had a hard time learning to read. Me being a teacher and caring about those things is like an embarrassment--like a betrayal.
No--
He hates me.
Nice-looking kid.
Amado.
Your boy, there--
Weird what you remember.
Yeah.
I was on the playground with all the other kids, but I thought he was only looking at me. I was afraid he was going to arrest me--he had those eyes, you know--
I remember him watching me once. When I was little--before you and I--
Most people did, yeah.
People liked him.
They cooked the whole thing up without asking me.
I thought you got through that pretty well.
So she tells me three times a week.
She's done well for herself--on her own and all--
A real palace. She rattles around alone in that thing--
I see she built a place up here by the river.
I can't name anybody she does like these days.
Your mother still doesn't like me.
Want to take a walk?
Lunch hour. My next class isn't till nine-thirty.
Field trip?
Are you okay?
He's all yours.
Yeah. I'll go check on your boy.
We haven't talked since high school.
I was--I was real sorry about Nando. He was a good fella. We haven't talked since.
I'll see what's going on.
Somebody called--something about an electronics store.
Got him here?
They've got my Amado.
Something wrong?
Well, it's a complicated issue--
You think we need a new jail?
I appreciate you telling me.
I didn't want to be going around your back.
Don't know if I'll still want it.
How 'bout you?
You'd do a good job.
Yeah.
They want you to stand for Sheriff next election.
Sam? I--the Committee--you know Jorge and H.L. and all--they asked me--
Oh.
Gotta be in person.
They got telephones.
No--to Mexico. I've got to talk to somebody.
The Republicans?
I'm going over to the other side.
Uh-huh.
I been working on a few things.
Haven't seen much of you at the jail lately.
Yeah.
You're out early.
Nothin' much. The Rangers put Ben Wetzel on it. Catch you later.
Any poop on the John Doe you found out there today?
Okay--we'll take a statement from all the GIs before they go back to post. You can get the story from Otis over at the club.
Down from Houston. I think he knew the girl before.
The shooter local?
Hospital says the other kid is in bad shape--
You suckers haven't had a good day since the Alamo.
This isn't Houston, my friend. We pretty much running things now. Our good day has come.
White man just using you to keep the Black man down.
Just doing my job.
You're the one who's a good boy. Man say "fetch" and you fetch--
You been talking so much trash today, you made us think you're a dangerous criminal. Be a good boy, now--
You don't need to cuff me.
Excellent performance, my friend. The judge was very impressed.
And people better clear out of here! Now!
This is a club, Sheriff--you been in here--
What's this I see? Is that whiskey in them glasses on the Bar? Roderick, I'm gonna have to cite you for a violation of state law--
No, Sheriff, I'm just--
You telling me what to do, Roderick?
You got him too scared to peep, Sheriff. Maybe if you put that gun up--
Otis, apologize to the Sheriff--
That the problem, son?  You Slow?
Don't mind him, Sheriff. Boy's just a bit slow, is all. He don't mean nothin' by it--
The stories people tell, he was a real colorful fella--
Sure.
I heard about that deal for your father--You must be real proud.
Yeah. It's quiet--
We'll get 'em--  So you livin' out here now?
I haven't seen anybody come by.
We had about a dozen wets come over just upriver. They ran into one of our posts--it was like a breakshot on a pool table, illegals runnin' every which way.
What's up?
Hey Sam. Sorry 'bout that.
The other one? Hell, at my age, every time you learn a new name you got to forget an old one. Your head's all crowded up--here it is--
You know who it was?
Your mother wasn't one to get chased off her patch. Half the damn county knew and nobody thought the worse of her for seein' it through.
Another woman?
If he hadn't found that Deputy job, I believe Buddy might've gone down the other path, got into some serious trouble. Settled him right down. That and your mother. 'Course he had that other one later.
Me neither.
No--
They don't hand those medals out for hidin'in your foxhole. Would you buy this?
You think he killed anybody in Korea?
For Frontera? Hell, I can't remember dates no more. I do recall it was after an affair of the heart had gone sour on him. He almost took some poor fella's head off at the Legion in Arroyo Grande, and figured it was time to move on.
So when did Buddy leave?
Buffalo chips. Fella in Santa Fe told me he sells these as fast as the buffalo can squeeze 'em out.
But you don't see much competition, do you?
Hell of a spot to put a business.
How am I gonna sell things if nobody comes by? This stretch of road runs between Nowheres and Nothin' Much.
You sell much out here?
--but longhorns are hard to come by these days.
Houston, huh? I hear they let you boys run wild up there.
Been away. Up to Houston.
How come you don't took familiar?
Runnin' numbers without I know about it is both illegal and unhealthy. You remember that.
Runnin' numbers illegal.
As I remember it was because he had a sassy mouth on him. Must run in the family--You wouldn't be runnin' numbers out of this club, now, would you, son?
Why you think that was?
I know that.
I sent your Daddy to the farm once.
Uh-huh.
One of Cleroe Payne's boys?
Payne.
Otis what?
Name's Otis.
I know you?
You believe that?
It's supposed to be some big sin, even if you love each other.
So? What's he gonna do, arrest us?
He's gonna find out.
He doesn't need to know all my business.
You going to tell him?
You going to tell her?
