HEY FUCK YOU DON WATCH IT NOW.
THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS. I HAVE BEEN A GOOD WORKER, A GOOD AND LOYAL WORKER FOR YOU, YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE.
No need for braces, Donnie.
I don't know.
How are you paying tor the braces, Donnie?
I can't believe you're gonna do this to me, the situation I'm in, I don't -- Avi: You know what?  Being hit by lighting doesn't matter for getting braces, ok? Now Solomon, let me just ask you once: Please. Please. Don't do this.
Don, you got hit by lightning that time in Tahoe, you went on vacation, I don't think braces is a good idea --
I need corrective oral surgery. I need the braces.
Your teeth are straight.
Oral surgery.  Corrective teeth surgery.
What surery?
Shut it.  Shut yer fuckin' mouth.
Jimmy you look like you're about to fuckin' die right here --
You fuckin' don't do that. You don't do it, you cocksucker. I'll fuckin' kill you with my barehands.  Go. get the fuck fuck -- we're going back and we finish the show --
Call 911, Mary, do it right now.
I'm telling you right now, I'm fine. I lost my goddamn balance and I couldn't see a moment, but I'm ok.
no, no, c'mon Jimmy we need to call this quits and you need to see a doctor.
No, no, no. I'm fine. It's small, I wanna keep going --
Call 911. Call 911 right now.
In my sleep, Burt.
C'mon, Jimmy, snap up, snap up --
And the book says: "We may by through with the past, but the past ain't through with us."
You okay?  huh?  Jimmy?
These adults are tough enough, I think you'll be surprised -- the Mexican's a bit of a question mark --
It's been the same fuckin' thing for thirty years, Burt --
ooohhhhhh no.
You ok?
I'm fuckin' hammered, Burt.
You smell like trouble --
Hello, Phil.
Ok. Janet you have Phil Parma --
Hello?
-- no,no,no what is this? who? What's this guy's name?
Nothing's wrong, I just got some guy on the phone on my other line, he's says he works for this guy, this guy who's Frank's father --
What's wrong?
Hey, Janet, it's Chad.
Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Thank you, Chad, and good luck to you and your mother --
Alright, so I'm gonna transfer you over to Frank's assitant, Janet she's gonna see what she can do --
Yeah, hey. Chad.
Sure is.  So why call me?
It's a helluva disease.
It was scary though.
Oh that's good.
Oh, she's fine.
It's rough.  I'm sorry, did she make it?
My mother had breast cancer.
Brain and Lung.
What kind of Cancer?
There's no number for Frank in any of Earl's stuff and he's pretty out of it -- I mean, like I said, he's dying, y'know.  Dying of Cancer.
Well I'm not sure why you're calling me.
Does this sound weird?
Uh-huh.
I know -- and I can't really explain that, but I have a feeling there's something, some situation between them, like they don't really know each other much or well, something like they don't talk much anymore --
Why don't they have the same last name? They don't have the same last name.
OK.  See:  Frank TJ Macky is Earl Partridge's son....
I'm here, I'm listening.
Well, ok.  Lemme see how I explain this without it seeming kinda crazy, but here go:  I'm, my name is Phil Parma and I work for a man named Earl Partridge -- Mr. Earl Partidge. I'm his nurse.  He's a very sick man. He's a dying man and he's sick and he's asked me to help him, to help him find his son -- Hello?  Are you there, hello?
Well what's the situation?
Well can you connect me to someone else?
I'm really only equipped to take orders --
Well I don't want to order anything, you see. I have a situation, a situation just come up that's really pretty serious and I'm not sure who I should talk to or what I should do but could you maybe put me in touch with the right person if I explain myself?
It is.  Can I have your home phone number with area code?
Hi, hello, great.  This is Seduce and Destroy?
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
Your mother wants to hear from you --
GET OUT.
Honey.
YOU BURN IN BELL.  You burn in hell and you deserve it -- YOU GET THE FUCK OUT.
Please put your clothes on, please --
I'M NOT YOUR BABY, I'M NOT YOUR GIRL. I'm not your fuckin' baby --
baby, please, please --
FUCK YOU.  YOU GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
I'm not lying to you, I'm not --
FUCK YOU.  FUCK YOU, YOU GET OUT.
I'm dying, Claudia.  I have cancer. I have cancer and I'm dying, soon. It's metastasized in my bones and I --
GET THE FUCK OUT.
Now STOP IT and LISTEN to me right now. I AM DYING, I GOT SICK...now I fell down and I'm Not...DON'T --
Get out of here, get the fuck out of my house --
I have something, so much -- I'm sick, Claudia. I'm sick.
I'M NOT CRAZY.  You're the one.  You're the one who's wrong.  You're the one --
I'm not saying that, I'm sorry --
I'M NOT CRAZY.  Don't you tell me I'm crazy.
Don't yell, honey.  Please don't go crazy --
Yeah, yeah right -- what the fuck are doing?  WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE?
I don't want you to think that I'm that way to you -- I'm not gonna call you a slut or something --
Why are you here, why are you doing this? Coming in here -- you wanna call me a whore?
Please.  It doesn't have to be now. Maybe we can make a date to sit down, I didn't mean to walk in on you like this --
I don't wanna talk to you.
...I want to....I want so many things, Claudia. Maybe we can just talk to straighten our things out....there are so many things that I want to tell you --
Don't sit down.
I want to sit.  I want to talk to you.
What the fuck do you want?
No.  No.
Wanna call me a slut now, something?
He's not my boyfriend.
I'd like to talk to you.  Your boyfriend let me in, I just knocked on the door --
What do you want? Why are you here?
It's me.  Claudia.  It's me.
...what the fuck is this...?
just let me walk out, ok?
please, what is it, please --
Let me go, leave me, let me go, it's ok, please.
I won't say, no, wait, Claudia --
Just say no.
What?
....now that I've met you.... Would you object to never seeing me again?
Yes I do.
Wanna kiss me, Jim?
Say what you want and you'll see --
Ohhhh I started this, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I, fuck.
I'll take everything at face value. I'll be a good listener to you.
I've got troubles.
It's ok.
You don't know how crazy I am.
It's ok.
You don't how fuckin' stupid I am.
I haven't been on a date since I was married and that was three years ago....and Claudia...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't...and I will listen...I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want...and you know, you know...I won't judge you.... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't...I can...listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you....
That was so great what you just said.
I'm sorry --
Oh my god, Jim. Jim, that was so --
I lost my gun after I left you today and I'm the laughing stock of a lot of people.  I wanted to tell you that. I wanted you to know...and it's on my mind and it makes me look like a fool and I feel like a fool and you asked that we should say things, that we should say what we're thinknig and not lie about things and I'll tell you that, this: that I lost my gun and I'm not a good cop...and I'm looked down at...and I know that....and I'm scared that once you find that out you might not like me.
What?
I lost my gun.
You're a police officer.  You have so much, so many good things and you seem so together...so all straight and put together without problems.
-- no, like what, what do you mean?
I'm really nervous that you're gonna hate me soon.  That you're gonna find stuff out about me and you're gonna hate me --
Yeah, of course.
Can I tell you something?
Yeah.
That felt good to do...to do what I wanted to do.
Well.
ok.
ok.
I'm gonna run to the bathroom for a minute...maybe just --
I'm sorry.
-- well I'm a real...y'know, straight when it comes to that...curse words I just don't use much --
No, I'm sorry.  I'm saying I'm sorry. I talk like a jerk sometimes --
...nothing.  I'm sorry...
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I didn't mean...it's seems vulgar or something, I know --
-- no, no, it's fine. Fine.
I'm sorry --
You really use strong language.
What?
Wow....huh..."...piss and shit..."
Ok.  I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people....
Let's make a deal.
To not do that.  To not do that that we've maybe done -- before --
...yeah...
What I just said...y'know, people afraid to say things....no guts to say the things that they...that are real or something...
ok.
You wanna make a deal with me?
No, no.
And I bet you say that to all the girls --
I've never found someone really that I think I would like to go out with.
Why not?
Well I don't go out very much.
So you've done it --
Well, that's a natural thing, two people go out on a date, something.  They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them --
Did you ever go out with someone and just....lie....question after question, maybe you're trying to make yourself look cool or better than you are or whatever, or smarter or cooler and you just -- not really lie, but maybe you just don't say everything --
Bye.
Great, bye.
Oh, see?  This is great.  Ten o'clock.
It's my favorite place --
Yeah, You know it? You know Billingsley's?
Billingsley's?
No, no, just casual maybe, maybe I thought -- there's a spot I like to go, it's real nice that overlooks a golf course and the course is lit up at night --
Oh sure yes, that's fine, late dinners are good.  Should I get dressed up or -- ?
What about ten o'clock, is that too late?  I don't get off and then --
Eight o'clock?
No, I'm off tonight.  I would lov-like, to go tonight, I can pick you up, I can pick you up here at about what time?  What time?
Do you wanna go tonight?  I mean, are you working?
I thought you were flirting with me a little.
Yeah.
Really?
I don't know.  I haven't thought about it -- you know what -- that's not true -- I have thought about it.  I've thought about going on a date with you since you opened the door.
Then...I'd like to go...What do you want to do?
No.
Well...is that illegal?
Please, yes.
You wanna go on a date with me?
No, no.  I was wondering...man oh man. I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want to do which is to ask you on a date.
What is it?  Did you forget something?
I'm sorry, Claudia.
Good bye.
Bye, bye, Claudia.
yeah, good, ok.
Just Jim.
Yes.  I will.  It was nice to meet you Officer Jim.
Ok, then.  Keep your chin up and your music down, alright?
I'm sorry.
No. No.  Don't joke about that. That's not funny, Claudia.  Please, now.
If you're not here for a 422 --
Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee --
We were just gettin' warmed up. We were just getting started.
This is my job.
Tempural-something-mandibular, thing with something, I dunno. But it affects my ear, I don't even know if I have TMJ exactly but just very tight, like - it's like a muscle spasm and it's just gets so clenched --
What's that stand for?
--- yeah, yeah, I get in it in my ear. It's TMJ is what it's called technically.
Thank you.
This is, for not a fresh cup, a great cup of coffee, Claudia --
Ok, ok. I'm back.
Okey-doke.
I'm gonna run to the bathroom real quick.
But I wouldn't mind comin' back in an hour just to see your pretty face!
You won't.  You won't have to.
I don't wanna have to come back here in an hour and find that there's been another disturbance.
It's not my boyfriend -- and it's not anything -- it's over.  Really. It's not.  He won't came back.
It's where situations like these lead, Claudia, unless you do something about it early, if and when the police call and come for help.  Now there are certain measures you can take --
It's not -- what's a 422?
Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen: Young woman afraid to speak, next thing you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio, I got a 422 --
-- is not my boyfriend.
The gentleman who came to the door --
I don't have a boyfriend.
Is this boyfriend bothering you?
Arlight, then.  Cheers.
Yeah.
That'd be fine.  So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee  I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud:  They're incovenienced by that.  If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright? I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok?
You take cream or sugar?
Oh, it'll be fine, I'm sure, Claudia.
I don't know how fresh it's gonna be --
That's great, thank you.
-- do you wanna cup?
I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup --
Yeah...it's not...it's been on for a bit --
got some coffee brewing, huh?
I don't have a boyfriend.
You and your boyfriend have a party last night?
Yeah.
I'm a bit of a slob myself.
Yeah.
Bit messy.
About two years ago.
You just move in here?
ok.
Claudia: Why don't you let me handle the questions and you handle the answers, ok?
What are you lookin' for?
It's fine.
You mind if I check things back here?
I was...he's gone...I mean it's not. It's over, y'know --
Who was it?
No.
You don't have a boyfriend?
No.
Was it a boyfriend of yours?
Yes.  I had someone come to my door, someone I didn't want here and I told them to leave -- so -- it's no big deal. They left.  I'm sorry.
I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music.  Has there been some screaming and yelling?
No.
You got the TV on too, keep those on at that same time usually?
Yeah.
And that could be the sign of a damaged ear drum, you understand?
I didn't realize it was that loud.
Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears.
No.
-- listenin' to that music so loud: You Tryin' To Damage Your Ears?
Yeah, but I don't know --
Did you hear what I said?
What?
Ok.  Claudia Wilson: You tryin' to go deaf?
Wilson.
I'm sorry.
Ok. For one thing, we're gonna need to turn that music down so we can talk, ok?
For what?
No one else in there with you?
Yes.
I'm sorry, I had to get dressed.
...yeah...
I'm coming!
OPEN THE DOOR.
It's the LAPD, can you open the door, please?
uh...uh...What is it?
LAPD. Open the door.
...Hello...?
Claudia What?
Claudia.
What's your name?
Yes.
You live alone?
You mind if I come in, check things?
No, what's wrong?
You alone in there?
Yes.
-- you the resident here?
It doesn't matter.
-- what kind?
I want a shot of tequila too.
Diet Coke.
Diet Coke.
-- can I get you?
yeah, yes, hi, hello.
Hello.  You're back again, huh?
Don't tell me to go away, Stanley. I am the Co-ordinator in this show and you will answer the questions that I ask, you understand?
NOTHING. NOTHING HAPPEND. GO AWAY.
What happend, what's going on?
I'm, I need to go, I'm gonna --
Jesus Christ, Stanley, you can't go to the bathroom now.  You have exactly one minute before we're back on the air, this is NOT the time to go to the bathroom.
I have to go to the bathroom, Cynthia.
Just hold it, you'll be fine.
I don't know.
Can you hold it?
I should maybe go to the bathroom.
Not enough, what do you want?
How much time do we have?
What?
Cynthia?
C'mon guys, settle down --
Ok.
I can check on that for you, maybe we can take a tour --
I'm wondering about the weather department. I'm wonderin' wether or not the weather people use outside meteorlogical services or if they have in-house instruments?
Sure, why?
Have you ever been there?
It's upstairs.
Where's the news department at this studio?
They're here, they're fine. In the dressing room.  See you later --
Where's Richard and Julia?
Ready to go,go,go?
I'm fine. Yes. I'm fine.
If he hadn't pissed his pants, we woulda won.  We fucking had this game.
Richard, shut it and keep it down.
I don't know, Richard, they need to talk it over --
Did we win or lose, I mean --?
Let's go, c'mon, get up --
Bite it, Cynthia.  You could get free things from people that want you to endorse their products.
-- Richard.
What do you mean, "like what?" -- you could get endorsments and shit --
It's ok, boy.
I - just - thought - that - I - didn't want - I - didn't - I - didn't -
DAD.
I'm not mad, son, I will not be mad at you and it's ok and please put it down and I won't be mad and I won't --
DADDY, FUCK, DADDY, DON'T GET MAD AT ME. DON'T GET MAD AT ME --  JUST GIMME YOUR MONEY.
That idea is over now. We're not gonna do that now.
We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta --
It's ok --
Please, boy, put it down and it's ok.
DAD --
Son, please, now....
GIVE US YOUR MONEY, KID.
Put the gun down, please, boy.
GIVE US YOUR MONEY.
-- no.
BULLSHIT, BULLSHIT DAD WE GOTTA GET HIS MONEY --
Son, don't --
GIVE US YOUR MONEY MAN.
BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT, DAD WE NEED TO GET HIS MONEY AND GO.
We're not gonna do that now.  We're not gonna do that now and that's over.
C'mon, Dad.  We gotta just GET HIS MONEY AND GO, LET'S GO. Let's get the money --
No, Son...be quiet...be quiet now...
LET'S GO, LET'S GO, LET'S GET HIS MONEY AND GO -- DID YOU GET HIS MONEY? DID YOU GET IT?  DID YOU GET HIS MONEY, DAD?
Stay quiet...stay quiet, son --
DADDY! DAD! DAD WHAT THE HELL IS GOIN' ON?
-- and I'm through playin' games.
-- I told you who did it and you're not listening to me.
I was listening --
Did you listen to me?
Whatever that meant, I'm sure it's real helpful Ice-T.
Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case.
Check that ego - come off it - I'm the profit - the proffesor Ima teach you 'bout The Worm, who eventually turned to catch wreck with the neck of a long time oppressor And he's runnin from the devil, but the debt is always gaining And if he's worth being hurt, he's worth bringin' pain in - When the sunshine don't work, the Good Lord bring the rain in.
Finish it up without the lip.
I'm almost done.
Alright, alright, cut it, coolio. That's enough with the mouth and the language.
-- livin' to get older with a chip on your shoulder 'cept you think you got a grip, cauze you hip gotta holster? Ain't no confessor, so busta, you best just Shut The fuck up, try to listen and learn --
-- watch the mouth, homeboy, I don't need to hear that word --
Presence - with a double ass meaning gifts I bestow, with my riff, and my flow but you don't hear me though think fast, catch me, yo cause I throw what I know with a Resonance - fo'yo'trouble-ass fiend in weenin yo-self off the back of the shelf Jackass crackas, bodystackas dicktootin niggas, masturbatin' yo trigga butcha y'all just fake-ass niggas --
Go. Hurry up. Let's go.
C'mon, man, just watch me, watch and listen --
Hey. Watch the mouth. Watch it.
I ain't fuckin with you --
Have you ever been to Juvenille Hall?
Not yet -- "give you the clue for the bust if you show me some trust --"
Oh, you're a rapper, huh?  You got a record contract?
I'm a rapper.
Are you a joker? huh? Tellin' jokes?
I can help you solve the case, I can tell you who did it.
You wanna disrespect an officer of the law?
No.
Ok. Listen. You: c'mere.
Leave this one to the detectives, they ain't gonna solve shit, I can help you, make you the man with a plan, give you the gift that I flow -- think fast -- you wanna know who killed that guy?
No Can Do.
Tell me what you know, I'll tell you what I know --
That's confidential information, little man.
Nope.  So what'd they find out in there?
They don't have substitute teachers where you go to school?
No school today.  My teacher got sick.
Why the hell aren't you in school?
You wanna take my statement, I'll perform for you, gotta get paid though, gotta get PAID.
Sorry, little man.
I'm trained, I'm ready to go, you wanna buy some candy to help underprivelaged youth in the --
You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok?
Put me on the payroll, find out, find out wassup --
I think it's more complicated than that little man.
How much you pay me for my help?
Yeah, I'm here, I'm off the elevator, walking down the hall, now --
Phil, hang in just one more minute ok?  I'm gonna put you on hold -- Doc you still there?
I'm about to get off the elevator --
Doc, just - don't, how close are you?
What happend?
Fine.  Phil, you still there?
I'm walking towards the elevator's, Janet.
Doc, go get Frank and put him on the phone.
What happend?
I need you to interupt him, I need to get him on the phone with me right away --
He's doing the interview with the lady --
I have to talk to Frank, is he nearby?
What's up?
Doc it's Janet.
-- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group, like he asks...I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you, 'cause I had that question.  I had that same question....Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form.  "Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids!  Full of useless thoughts, eh?"  Thank you. Thank you.  And the book says: "We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us."  And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT.
"It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels..."
Brad, I know you don't love me now --
Gently, son --
You mind your own bussines.
Brad, honey, you have a special secret crush over here I think, don't take him too lovely -- he might get hurt --
I love you.  I love you and I'm sick.  I'II talk to you....I'll talk to you tommorrow.  I'm getting corrective oral surgery tomorrow.  For my teeth.  For my teeth and for you....for you so we can speak. You have braces.  Me too.  Me too.  I'm getting braces, too.  For you.  For you, dear Brad. And I don't have any money.  And I don't have any money now but I'II get it...I will for you, Brad.  I love you, Brad.  Brad the Bartender.  You wanna love me back?  Love me back and I'll be good to you.  I'II be god damn good for you. And I won't be mad if you don't know who said what. I won't punish you if you get the answer wrong. I can teach and tell you: Samuel Johnson.
That's right.  That's the first time you're right.  I CONFUSE THE TWO AND I DON'T CARE.
You seem the sort of person who confuses the two.
I'm sick and I'm in love.
Stay that way.
I'm sick.
Why don't you run along now friend, your dessert is getting cold.
You see?
Mmm.Hmm.
I confuse melancholy and depression sometimes....
"Why don't you shut the fuck up," is me to you, Chapter Right Here, Verse Right Now.
"If a brick weighs one pound plus one half brick -- how much does the brick weigh?" "Well if subtracting the half of brick from the whole brick you got one half of brick, equals one pound so therefore the brick equals two pounds --" "A little more than kin and less than kind," is Hamlet to Claudius. "The sins of the father laid upon the children," is Merchant of Venice but borrowed from Exodus 20:5 and "win her with gifts if she respects not words," is Two Gentleman from Verona. Where? Who? How and Why, Kids?
Shall we drink to that?
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.
This sounds Sad as a Weeping Willow.
Yes they do, they do, but I'll make my dreams come true, you see?  I will.
Things go round 'n round, don't they?
-- and lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money?  His parents? His mommy and daddy?  Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting? It hurts and it doesn't happen to everyone, it's an electrical charge that finds it's way across the universe and lands in your body and your head -- and as for "ruined but by himself," not if his parents take his friggin' life and his money and tell you to do this and do that and if you don't? well, what --
Picky, picky.
"The" cause of dullness in others --
It was the lovely Samuel Johnson who also spoke of a fella "Who was not only dull but a cause of dullness in others."
-- Samuel Johnson.
Who was it that said: "A man of genius has seldom been ruined but by himself."
Brad, dear?
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.
That's right.
What?
But you're alright now, so what's the what?
Might of been before my time.
You talk in rhymes and riddles and ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the tv --
Nothing special, just a spoke in the wheel.
What?  What does that mean?
You're a friend of the family I presume?
....do you know who I am?
My name is Donnie Smith and I have lot's of love to give.
And I'm listening avidly, fellow.
No.  I mean, I'm telling you: I'm telling you that I have love.
A very chatty-kind, you do, indeed, it seems.
I have love.
Well you lost me with the last couple of cocktail words spoken, m'boy, but I believe it's that sort of love. Sounds nice to me.
-- the kind of love that makes you feel that intagible joy.  Pit of your stomach. Like a bucket of acid and nerves running around and making you hurt and happy and all over you're head over heels....?
Well --
Is it real love?
I have love all over.  I even have love for you, friend.
Do you have love in your heart?
This sounds threatening.
Just throw some money around. Money, money, money.
Maybe I'm just happy to see my friend, Brad there.
You look like you've got money in your pocket.
GIMME YOUR FUCKIN' KEYS.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS!
Give me your keys, Don.
I've been a good worker, Solomon. A hard and loyal --
You were gonna ask me weren't you?
I don't know.
Don't do this, Don.
I've been a good worker --
It's...doesn't matter....
And how much is braces?
Your teeth are fine.
Yes I do.
You don't need braces.
Yes.
Braces?
Braces.
What is that?
Solomon, please.  Please.  I am so fucked here if you do this.  This is the worst timing. The worst timing I could ever imagine. I need to keep working.  I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming --
Two years! Two years later and out of your paycheck, I never charge interest --
I paid you back.
FUCK YOU.  I pay you, I paid you. I give you a fucking chance and a chance and over and over, over you let me down.  I trust you with so much. The keys to my store, the codes to my locks, the life, the blood of my bussiness and return is smashing in seven-eleven, late, <u>always</u> late, loans -- I loaned you money for your kitchen that you never did --
I lent my name, my celebrity. Exactly --
-- I give you money, I give you a paycheck. Your sales suck, Don. I give, I give. When I find you, when I meet you, what? I put you on the billboard, I put you in the store, my salesman, my fucking representation of Solomon and Solomon Electronic, Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the game show --
I don't have any money, Solomon. If you fire me --
Solomon: I am in the middle of so much. So much in my life and this is -- If you do this, if you fire me: I Am Fucked. I can't really explain much, but please, please, I've worked here for four years, four years I've given you and I'm, I'm, I mean what?  I'm sorry I was late. I had a car accident.  I accidentaly drove into a seven-eleven. It was not my fault.
Don't get strong, Donnie. This is making sense, this making a lot of sense. You are not doing the job, the job I ask you to do, a job I give you. Over and over and over and I'm sorry. But I'm not gonna say I'm sorry that much more.
This is so fucked, Solomon. I don't deserve this.
Don't Donnie. Don't do it.
...please...
The job here is to make him as comfortable as possible -- right now -- our job is to just try and make it as painless as possible. Right?  You understand?
-- how the fuck can I say anything to that -- I don't know what to say to that --
This is the number for Hospice. Ok. Now. As far as the morphine pills go, there is something else to consider that can take the pain away that he is in, there is a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine....it's a little bottle, with an eye dropper and it's easy to get in his mouth and drop on his tounge and it will certainly diminish the pain that he is in but you have to realize that once you give it to him; there really is no coming back, I mean, it will certainly cure his pain, but he will float in and out of consciousness, even worse than he is now, Linda.  I mean, any sign of the recognizable Earl will pretty much go away --
Ok. Linda:  Earl is not gonna make it. He's dying. He is.  He is dying very, very rapidly --
I need to sit down.
Do you wanna sit down?
I'm listening.  I'm getting better.
We can fix that, because I can give you -- are you listening?
-- you don't understand: it's more pain than before and the fucking morphine pills aren't working, he's -- past two days it's like he can't really swallow them and I don't know if they're going down -- I can't see inside his mouth anymore -- I'm up all night staring at him and I don't think the pills are going down and he moans and he hurts --
If you're happy with Phil taking care of him and helping you, that's fine, but contact Hospice to arrange for the body --
Yeah.
Phil's one of the nurses from the service?
He has Phil right now.
Well that's what Hospice will take care of for you.  They will send a nurse, someone who can take care of all of that for you --
I just, I just -- I just -- I'm just in a fucking state, I know he's going and it's like I don't know how -- just tell me <u>practical</u> things -- What the fuck do I do with his body? What happens when he dies? That next moment: What? What do I do?  Then What?
I can help you through this the best I know how but there are certain things you are gonna have to be strong about and take care of, now we can go over them, but I need to know that you're listening to me, ok?
-- he's fucking dying, he's dying as we're sitting here and there isn't a fucking thing -- jesus, how can you tell me to calm down?
....getthat on the tv....there...
What?  Say it again...walking in the car?
She had cancer...from her...in her stomach and I didn't go anywhere with her...and I didn't do a god thing... for her and to help her....shit...this bitch...the beautiful, beautiful bitch with perfect skin and child bearing hips and so soft...her namewasLilysee?  He liked her though he did, his mom, Frank/Jack...he took care of her and she died. She didn't stick with him and he thinks and he hates me, ok...see...I'm...that's then what you get? ....are you still walkin' in that car...?
Yeah...So I go to her school for that for grade twelve...and we meet...she was fuckin...like a doll...porcelain doll...and the hips...child bearing hips...y'know that?  So beautiful. But I didn't have sex with anyone, you know?  I was not...I couldn't do anything...always scared, y'know... she was...she had some boyfriends...they liked her y'know...but I didn't like that. I couldn't get over that I wasn't a man, but she was a woman. Y'see?  Y'see I didn't make her feel ok about that....I would say, "How many men you been with?" She told me, I couldn't take it...take that I wasn't a man....because if I hadn't had sex with women...like as many women as she had men...then I was weak...a boy.... But I loved her...you understand? ....well, of course, I wanted to have sex with her...and I did and we were together....we met...age twelve, but then again...age seventeen...something, somethin... I didn't let her forget that I thought she was a bad...a slut.....a slut I would call her and hit her....I hit her for what she did...but we married...Lily and me and we married...but I cheated on her...over and over and over again...because I wanted to be a man and I couldn't let her be a woman...a smart, free person who was something...my mind then, so fuckin' stupid, so fuckin....jesus christ, what would I think...did I think....? ...for what I've done...She's my wife for thirty eight years...I went behind her... over and over...fucking asshole I am that I would go out and fuck and come home and get in her bed and say "I love you..."  This'z Jack's mother. His mother Lily...these two that I had and I lost .... and this is the regret that you make...the regret you make is the something that you take...blah...blah...blah... something, something.....  Gimme a cigarettee?
Twelve.
No, no, the grade...the grade that you're in?
Graduation?
She's my love...my life...love of it... In school when you're 12 years old. In school, in six grade....and I saw her and I didn't go to that school...but we met. And my friend knew her...I would say, "What's that girl?"  "How's that Lily?" "Oh, she's a bad girl...she sleeps with guys..."  My friend would say this....but then sometime...I went to another school, you see? But then...when high school at the end, what's that?  What is that?  When you get to the end?
No.
...Lily...?
No.
Do you know Lily?  Phil..do you know her?
that'snotmy name...find Lily, gimmme that, give it --
Frank Mackey.  That's your son?
...find him on the...Frank. His name's Frank Mackey --
It's ok.
This is so boring...so goddamn... and dying wish and all that, old man on a bed...fuck...wants one thing:
-- it's not him. it's not him. He's the fuckin' asshole...Phil..c'mere...
You wanna call him on the phone? We can call him, I can dial the phone if you can remember the number --
Is Jack your son?
Jack.
Who?
I wanna see this...where is he, do you know?
Who are you gonna call?
...gimme that fuckin' phone...
I'll get you another pain pill. Another morphine pill --
...I can't hold onto this anymore...
You got it.
Go fuck myself?
Do me a personal favor --
How come every word you say is either "cocksucker," or "shitballs," or "fuck?"
...cocksucker....
There's no asshole like you.
Other fuckin' assholes like me.
I've seen it before.
"yeah."  the fuck do you know?
Yeah.
Time lines, y'know?  I remember things but not so -- right there -- y'know?
-- memory?
....I dunn...o....maybe ten...five, fuck, fuck....that's another thing that goes --
When was the last time you talked to your son?
...ah...maybe...yeah...she's a good one...
She loves you.
She's a good girl.  She's a little nuts, but she's a good girl I think. She's a little daffy.
She went out.  She said she went out to run some errands.  She'll be back.
And do good things with her...share the thing...all that bullshit is true, y'know...find someone and hold on all that...Where's Linda?
I'm trying.
Get a girlfriend.
No.
I don't know...I mean, he's around, he's here, in town, y'know, but I don't know...he's a tough one...very.... Do you have a girlfriend, Phil?
Where is he?
...ah...
You do?
...no...no goddamn use.  I have a son, y'know?
Fuckin' bullshit is right, in'it?
Fuckin' bullshit is what this is.
How's today then?
Yep.
Alright.  Thank you.
Yeah.  You have the wrong number. There's no one named Frank here.
Is this 509-9027?
No.
I'm looking for Frank Mackey.
I think you have the wrong number.
Hi.  Is Frank there?
Hello?
-- fuck you.
You're hurting a lot of people, Frank --
You requested my time and I gave it you, you called me a liar and made accusations. And you say, "If I'd known I wouldn't have asked," then it's not an attack?  Well, I don't wanna be the sort of fella who doesn't keep his word.  I gave you my time, Bitch. So fuck you now.
So you sat it out, that's what you did?
Time's up.  Thank you for the interview.
I'm quietly judging you.
Yeah.
What am I doing?
C'mon, Frank.  What are you doing?
I talked to Miss Simms.  Miss Simms was your caretaker and neighbor after your mother died in 1980.
And that's what you've heard?
I was told that your mother died. That your mother died when you were young --
Go ahead and waste your time.
No, this is about getting something right and claryfying one of your answers to an earlier question --
An old stomping ground --is this the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill?
She lived in Tarzana.
Mm. Hm.
She does.  From when you were a boy.
I know alotta women and I'm sure she remembers me.
Do you remember a Miss Simms?
I'm not sure I hear a question in there?
We talked earlier about your mother. And we talked about your father and his death. And I don't want to be challenging or defeatist here, but I have to ask and I would want to clarify something -- something that I understand --
This is how you wanna spend the time, then go, go, go -- you're gonna be surprised at what a waste it is -- "The most useless thing in the world is that which is behind me," Chapter Three --
It's not like I'm trying to attack you --
Not really.
It's all important --
-- there's a lot more important things I'd like to put myself <u>into</u> --
I'm saying, Frank, in trying to figure out who you are --
In aid of what?
Well, just trying to figure out who you are, and how you might have become --
Yes.
Are you asking me that?
-- and I try and teach the students to ask: What is it in aid of?
This isn't meant --
Thank you, Muffy.  Funny thing is: This is an important element of, "Seduce and Destory:" "Facing the past is an important way in not making progress," that's something I tell my men over and over --
I would just want to clear some things up:
So boring, so useless --
-- just to clarify --
Is that still lingering?
I'm confused about your past is the thing.
Muffy -- coffee?
-- let's talk more about your background --
I warned you -- I get on a roll...
It's fine.  I can bleep it out.
I just realized this is for television, isn't it?  I can't swear up and down like I just did.
Let's talk about --
-- that's right, that's right, and what I'M saying, that none of my competitors can say is this:  That there is no need for insight or understanding.  Things of the past! Gone, Over, Done. Do you realize how fucking miraculous this is? How fucking razor sharp and cutting edge and ahead of it's time this concept is?  I'm talking about eliminating <u>insight</u> and <u>understanding</u> as human values.  GOD DAMN I'M GOOD.  There is no need for INSIGHT.  There is no need for UNDERSTANDING.  I have found a way to take <u>any</u> subjective human experience -- in other words -- all the terrible shit or all the great shit that you've had happen to you in your life -- and quickly and easily transform it in the unconscious mind through the subtle and cunning use of language.  The "listener-patient"  settles into a very light, very delicate, conversationally induced state: NOT A TRANCE, mind you, but a STATE. A state that is brand new.  The System's state. What did I do?  I REALIZED that concept and put it into practical "get my dick hard and fuck it" use. I'm gonna build a state for the seducer and the seducee to live, vote, breath, pay takes and party 'till dawn.  I'm gonna teach methods of language that will help anyone get a piece of ass, tit and tail --
Like I said, yeah --
-- see, I thought you grew up here in the valley --
Ok.  So, lemme just ask you a couple questions to start --
-- go, go, go.  I'm givin' pearls here. And I'II tell you samethin' else: I'm not succeding in the bush because I'm Frank TJ Mackey.  If anything, there are women out there that want to <u>destroy</u> me -- it makes it twice as hard for me, I run into some little muffin, knows who I am, knows my schemes and plans -- shit, she's gonna wanna fuck around, prove to her friends, say, "Yaddda-yadda-yadda, I saw that guy, he wasn't anything, didn't get me."  So me? I'm runnin' on full throttle the whole fuckin' time.  Dodging bullets left and right from terrorist blonde beauties. But I'II tell you this: The battle of the bush is being fought and won by Team Mackey.  Can I have a cigarette?
I'm gonna start rolling --
Just one look, one hesitation, one subtle gesture for me to know -- And Bing-Bam-Boom I'm away on a tangent -- I get so fuckin' amped at these seminars and lemme tell you why: Because I Am What I Believe. I am what I teach, I do as I say, I live by these rules as religiously as I preach them: And you wanna know what? I'm gettin' pussy left, right, up, down, center and sideways.
All it takes is one second?
You got us a room so quick?
If you're up to it, I've got us set up in a suite upstairs --
Are we gonna tape some stuff now?
That's fine.  It's nice to meet you.
Well I guess the question is this: Do you remember Miss Simms?
Are you asking me a question?
I wouldn't want that to be misunderstood: My enrollment was totally unoffical because I was, sadly, unable to afford tuition up there.  But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are: Macready, Horn and Langtree among others. I was completely independent financially, and like I said: One Sad Sack A Shit. So what we're looking at here is a true rags to riches story and I think that's what most people respond to in "Seduce," And At The End Of The Day? Hey -- it may not even be about picking up chicks and sticking your cock in it -- it's about finding What You Can Be In This World.  Defining It.  Controling It and saying: I will take what is mine.  You just happen to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not?  he.he.he.
Kind of.
no, no, no.  Certainly not.  I wasn't officialy enrolled, that's right. Was that unclear?
They wouldn't?
Oh, yeah.  No, no, no.  They wouldn't --
Ok.  That's why.  I had trouble locating your school records at Berkely and UCLA. Your name change -- they had no official enrollment --
"Frank" was my mother's father.
And "Frank?"
My mother's name, actually. Good question.  You've done you're research.
It's not your given name, right?
What name?  My name?
Where does that name come from?
I don't how much I went -- but I was enrolled.  I was such a loser back then. I was -- misguided, pathetic -- I was very fat. Not even close to what I am today. Not the Frank TJ Mackey you're eager to talk to because I was swimming in what <u>was</u> as opposed to I <u>wanted</u>.
And you went to Van Nuys High, right?
In five years?
...this close...
Do you have your masters?
Right.
Psychology major?
From '84 to '89.
And you ended up at UC Berkely --
Not a problem.
I wouldn'tve asked --
people die.
I'm sorry.
He passed away.
And your father?
"Go Get 'Em, Honey."
What does she say about, "Seduce and Destroy."
She's my mother.
Are you close?
She's retired.
Does you mother still work?
Well I guess it doesn't.
Why does that sound silly?
My father worked in televison. My mother -- this is gonna sound silly to you -- she was a librarian.
And what did your parents do?
Hollywood, mainly.
the valley?
Around here.
Where are you from originally?
...just wait...Dad...you want something...can you say...
I don't think, he can't...
I'm here.  I'm here now.  What do you want? Do you want anything?
yeah.
Can you stand...back...maybe, I mean... just a little bit...in the room is ok, but back from us a little...
...ok...
So....Phil....um...I think I'm gonna step in and try and see him and say something if he can...talk...I mean:
Mmm.
It's interesting.
Uh. huh.
When they put me on hold, to talk to you...they play the tapes. I mean: I'd seen the commercials and heard about you, but I'd never heard the tapes ....
Oh yeah.
I've heard your tapes on the phone.
Yeah.
He's in here --?
I'm really sorry.
Uh. huh.
I work as a nurse, for a proffesion --
.....have you ever seen this..I mean, never mind, you said --
About three weeks ago.
When did he go off chemo?
Um...soon tonight...I think, yes? Tommorrow...I mean...very soon...very...
How long...you think?
...uh-huh...
I just...he was...but I gave him, I just had to give him a small dose of liquid morphine.  He hasn't been able to swallow the morphine pills so we now, I just had to go to the liquid morphine... For the pain, you understand?
Is he in pain?
He's...I'm sorry...so sorry...I've seen this before, you know and you don't.... He's going very fast....Frank...um....
Uh-huh.  What's going on?
For six months.  I'm the day nurse...
How long have you taken care of him?
Ok.
Let's just wait one minute and stay here, okay?
He's in here.
These Dogs'll calm down -- you just have to come in --
Yeah let's...maybe just stand.
She's not here, she went out. I'm sorry.  This is all just so, I don't know what, what to do -- your Dad asked me to try and track you down. To get you and I did, I called the number -- Do you wanna come in?
Is Linda here?
Yes.  I didn't know how to find you. Earl asked me, so I looked through the adress books and there was no number, nothing --
I got your message.  That you were trying to get me -- right?
Yeah. I was trying to get in touch with you.  We got dissconnected.
...are you Phil...?
Hello.  Frank.  Frank TJ Mackey.
THAT'S NOT MINE.
What the hell is this Marcie?
-- do not do this -- my gun is drawn and If I Have To Open That Closet you will get shot -- Step Out Now.
THERE'S NO ONE IN MY MOTHERFUCKIN CLOSET AND STAY OUT OF MY BEDROOM, STAY OUT OF MY GOD DAMN BEDROOM.
Marcie - quiet down! Now if anyone is in the closet, come out now --
THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE!
This is the LAPD, if anyone is in the closet I want you to come out and show yourself to me, slowly and with your hands up --
THERE'S NO ONE IN THERE. STAY OUT OF MY MOTHERFUCKIN BEDROOM.
This is the LAPD. If anyone is back here I want you to come out and I want you to show yourself to me with your hands in the air --
Marcie - CALM DOWN. CALM DOWN and don't do this. I want you to stay --
WHAT'S THIS? WHAT'S THIS? GOD DAMN BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT. DON'T PUT THOSE --
I don't have to do a god damn thing.
No. No. Stay down, Marcie, sit back down on that couch --
I didn't hear anything.
--- What was that?
It's ten o'clock in the morning --
Been drinkin' today?
No.
You on any medication?
No.
Bad and illegal behavior. That's what I mean. Ok?  Mischief.  Now have you been doin' some drugs today?
Mischief?  What the fuck you talkin' about, mischief?
Yes I can, Marcie.  And until you start givin' me some straight answers: I'm gonna assume that some mischief has been goin' on here.
It's a free country, you can think anything you want.
Ok. Marcie. Starting now I want you to have a new attitude with me.  The more you play games, the more suspicious I'm gonna become that you've been up to something.
I went out last night.
You just woke up.  And what'd you have a party last night, the way this place looks?
What's this, how did this happen?
I said: I DON'T KNOW.  You can't just come in here and start pokin' around --
And what about screaming?
I don't know a loud crash.
Maybe you didn't, but I'm here to find out about a disturbance. Some neighbors called said they heard screaming and a loud crash.
I didn't do anything.
I'm not askin', Marcie.
I preffer to stand.
Ok. Marice why don't you take a seat for me?
Marcie.
Ok. What's your name?
No I Said.
Maybe so, but I'm gonna ask you one more time: Is Anyone Else In This House Right Now?
I live alone.
Are you lyin' to me?
No.  I said that.
OK.  That's true.  Is anyone else, besides me and besides you in this house?
You're here.
No one else in here?
What does it look like?
No you don't: But I'm gonna ask you one more time: Are you alone in here?
I don't have to answer your questions.
You're not calm.  You're screamin' and yellin' and I'm here to check on a disturbance that was reported and that's what I'm gonna do - now are you alone in here?
I AM CALM.
Don't test me, you wanna talk about what the law book says, we can do that, push me far enough and I'll take you to jail -- now calm down.
You don't tell me, I know my rights, just come right in, you can't --
Then you've got nothin' to worry about.
There's no disturbance.
I got a call of a disturbance, you're door was open, I just wanna see what's goin' on --
There's no disturbance.
I got a call to this apartment, report of a disturbance --
I am calm.
Calm down.
You're just come in --
The door was open, I got a call --
You can't just come in here.
Quietly, slow down, whoa --
What? What? What now?
Fuck no.
Are you ok?
I got in trouble at school.
What happend to you?
I won't.
Come and tell me it's over and I'll walk away, Jimmy.  I've fucked you behind your wife's back for three years, and you've fucked teenage girls behind mine for the same amount of time -- I'll walk away, you need something for your life, for your conscience, but don't put me in the middle --
Well can you do me one favor and don't do that.
If she asks me any question I want to tell her.  I want to tell her everything I've done.
Will you say my name?
Yes.
Are you gonna tell her what you've done?
You're making me feel so dirty and shitty. I feel like a big piece of shit right now.
Yeah. Yes.
All your other fluzzies?
Thirty fuckin' years I've been with Rose, don't -- y'know -- with this, and I know what you think --
I don't wanna have to lie to anyone. I don't want to hurt anyone else, anymore.
-- that you shouldn't have done? That you regret, what? This? What's this? Fuck, man, c'mon.  Treat me like an asshole, but treat me like an <u>asshole</u>.
It's just...too late for me to be fuckin' around.  I gotta stop. I gotta clean my brain of all the shit I've done that I shouldn't have done --
Then what?
No.
Did your wife find out?
...you know...
What the fuck is this, Jimmy?
You look great.
Fuck.  I think I'm gonna throw up, I think.  I haven't thrown up since I was twenty years old.
Are you alright?
I can't fuckin' do this.
Find her, get her and tell her I want to talk to her, Mary.  Fucking hell.
We're on the air in twenty minutes, Jimmy.
Yes. Now. Find her. She's somewhere in the building --
You want her right now?
I need you to get me Paula --
I'm sorry.
Fifteen minutes ago, where were those cards?
Rose is on the phone and here's the cards for today --
It's okay, Stanley. It's alright.
I don't mean to cry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Stanley.
We are not on display.  I am not a doll. I AM NOT A DOLL...I' M NOT SILLY AND CUTE. I'M SMART SO THAT SHOULDN'T MAKE ME SOMETHING, SOMETHING SO PEOPLE CAN WATCH HOW SILLY IT IS THAT HE'S SMART?  I KNOW.  I KNOW THINGS. I KNOW. I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM I HAVE TO GO TO THE BATHROOM AND I HAVE TO GO.
I was saying...thinking maybe I'd get my own quiz show someday, Jimmy. Just like you!
What were you saying, Stanley?
Jean Baptiste Poquelin Moliere.
I'm gonna need a full name, Stanley.
For 25.  Best known for the "tragedy and blood" genre, this author-playwright --
Willa Cather.
You should know better.
I don't know what I've done.
No.
Stay here, please don't leave me, please, please, if I said I knew would you stay?
Yes you do.
I don't know what I've done.
You deserve to die alone for what you've done.
...I don't know...
Yes you do....you do and you won't say.
<u>I don't know what I've done</u>.
But you can't say....
I really don't know.
...Jimmy...
I don't know.
Jimmy, did you touch her?
...No....
Did you ever touch her?
She thinks terrible things that somehow got in her head...that I might have done something.  She said that to me last time...when it was...ten years ago she walked out the door, "You touched me wrong..." "I know that." Some crazy thought in her, in her head...
I think that she thinks I may have molested her.
I'm asking you.  I'm asking you if you know why Clauida will not speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me.
Do you know the answer to this?
...say it, Jimmy...
Maybe...I don't...
I think that you know.
Why, well I think we've, we both don't know...what do you mean?
Why doesn't Claudia talk to you, Jimmy?
I'm not through asking my questions.
I love you so much.
I'm not mad.  I am, but I'm not.  Y'know?
I don't know....
Do you feel better now that you've said this?
I don't.
Well maybe.
What? No, Rose, jesus, no --
Do you have any children with anyone?
It's over becuase...for all the the right reasons I hope, what I said.
Is it over 'cause you're sick?
It's over.  I talked to her this morning.
What about now?
Two years...three years...
How long with Paula?
Just once.
How long with Ellen?
No.
No one else that I know?
That's it.
Paula.  Ellen.
hey.
Rose, I don't --
Who?
Yes.
Was there anyone that I know?
I'll answer anything.
I don't hate you, Jimmy.  But I have a couple questions that I wanna ask....
I don't even remember...many...twenty... maybe more...not much more...twenty times.
How many times....it's ok...just say... Just say...
Yeah.
Will that help?
The question isn't wether or not you cheated on me, the question is how many times have you cheated on me?
Yeah.
...No...I don't hate you.  Do you want talk...do you really want to talk to me and say things and get things figured out, Jimmy?
--- don't.  don't.  Please.  Just... listen to me...honey....  ...I've done...I've cheated on you.
You feel like you want to be forgiven for your sins?  Honey, you're not on your death bed, yet....this kinda talk's gonna get you in trouble --
No, I mean:  I'm telling you this, now. You see?  You see I want to make everything clear and clean...and apologize for me....for all the stupid things I've done....that will eat me up....
No.  No.
I'm a bad person.
You're my handsome man.
Do you love me, Rose?
We just do it...we do it and we figure it out and we do as we do, I guess...
How do we do this, then?
It's not really pain.
It'll take the pain away.
I don't think I want that.
Bye.
Love you too..
I love you.
I don't know.  I have to go, I don't have time and I have more drinking to do before I go march --
Did you tell her?
She went crazy.  She went crazy, Rose.
-- did she talk to you?
I went to see her -- some fuckin' asshole answers the door in his underwear, he's fifty years old, there's coke and shit laid out on the table --
Come home soon after the show.
As fast as I can.
Slowly or quickly?
I'm drinking.
How you doing?
It's alright.
I'm sorry.
I'II go....is it...back here?
Want me to wake her up?
Yeah.  She's sleeping now, I mean --
Can I come in?
I'm her father.
No, I'm just a friend.  What are you doing here, I mean...you know Claudia?
You're her boyfriend?
I'm Bob.
Yes.  What's your name?
You're Jimmy Gator, right?
Are you her boyfriend?
She's asleep.
Hello.  Is Claudia here?
Hello?
When they want us done, they'll call in the Harvard S.W.A.T team or some shit.
We're not going out two days before we set the record, it's not gonna happen.
Saucy-saucy.
I'll get it because I'm a good actress, Richard.
If we beat the record, you might get a call back --
No.  But I probably will get a call back.
Was it a call back?
Not as much as I used to.  Ever since we started, I haven't really gone in to school that much because I've been getting more and more auditions --
Do you still have to do homework?
I don't wanna do it.  Why can't one of you do it --
You have to go, Stanley.  You're the smartest.
No they don't --
They look pretty smart, I think.
Movie Of The Week.  I went up for one this morning with Alan Thicke and Corey Haim --
What's MOW?
Commercials, a sitcom, an MOW or something.
Like what?
You should get one, I'm serious, you could get a lot of stuff out of this --
No.
Do you have an agent, Stanley?
Shut the fuck up.
Let me call you a car, Linda.
I have to go.
Linda --
Now you must really shut the fuck up, please. Shut The Fuck Up.
You need to sober up.
Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up.
I'm trying to help, Linda --
Shut the fuck up.
Linda, you just have to take a moment and breath and one thing at a time --
This is so over-the-top and fucked-up I can hardly stand it.
-- unless Frank is specifically ommitted as a beneficiary that's what will happen.
-- that can't happen.  Earl doesn't want him to have the money, the things.
The money would go to Frank.  The court would put the money in the hands of a relative --
What does that mean?
Well.  Considering that there's no one else mentioned in the will...we'd have to go to the laws of intestacy, which is -- as if someone died without a will --
Where will the money go?
You don't have to change the will, if what you want to do is get nothing you can renounce the will when it's time.
I can't.
Adultery isn't illegal -- it's not something that can be used in a court to discredit the will or -- Linda. Linda. Calm down.
This is not any fucking medication talking, this isn't -- I don't know. I don't know -- Can you give me nothing? You have power of attorney, can you see him, can you, in this final fucking moment, go see him and make sure --- change the fucking will -- I don't want any money, I couldn't live with myself, this thing I've done -- I've fucking done so many bad things -- I fucked around.  I fucked around on him, I fucking cheated on him, Alan. You're his lawyer, our laywer, THERE, I'm his wife, we are married. I broke the conract of marriage, I fucking cheated on him, many times over, I sucked other men's cocks and fuck - fuck - fuck - ....fuck.... Other Things I've Done..
What kind of medication are you on right now, Linda that's --
I don't want him to die, I didn't love him when we met, and I've done so many bad things to him that he doesn't know, things I want to confess to him, but now I do: I love him. I love him so much and I can't stand -- he's going.
No, no....no, you see...I never loved him. I never loved him, Earl.  When I started, when I met him, I met him and I fucked him and I married him because I wanted his money, do you understand?  I'm telling you this now...this I've never told anyone...I didn't love him. And now....I know I'm in that will, I know, I was there with him, we were all there together when we made that fucking thing and all the money I'II get -- I don't want it -- Because I love him so much now...I've fallen in love with him now, for real, as he's dying, and I look at him and he's about to go, Alan, he's dead...he's moments...  I took care of him through this, Alan. And What Now Then?
You can't change his will.  Only Earl can change his will.
-- I have something to tell you. I have to tell you something. I want to change his will, can I change his will?...I need to ---
Linda, you're safe.  Ok. It's alright. You're my friend.  You and Earl are my clients and what you need to talk about won't leave this room, you have something you have to say --
Like a shrink, like if I go to see a shrink, I'm protected, I can say things -- fuck -- I don't know what I'm doing --
Not exactly, Linda. I'm not sure where you're going with this --
If I talk to you...y'know...if I tell you things...then you're a lawyer, right? You can't say things, you can't tell anyone, it's like the privelage, right? Attornery-client, you understand?
Are you on drugs right now?
No...I just... I'm so fucked up here Alan, I don't know...there's so much...so many things --
You don't want any water?
Tell him I'm sorry, ok, yes, you do that, now, I'm sorry, tell him, for all the things I've done...I fucked up and I'm sorry.... And I'm Gonna Turn Away And Walk Now And Not Look At Him Not See My Man, My Earl, I'll leave now...and tell him it's ok and I'm ok. The whole thing was ok with me -- and I know.
....it's alright....
listen...listen to me now, Phil: I'm sorry, sorry I slapped your face. ...because I don't know what I'm doing... ...I don't know how to do this, y'know? You understand?  y'know?  I...I'm...I do things and I fuck up and I fucked up....forgive me, ok? Can you just...
BULLSHIT. BULLSHIT HE DIDN'T ASK YOU, HE DOESN'T WANT HIM, HE DOESN'T WANT TO TALK TO HIM, SO FUCK YOU THAT HE ASKED THAT. THERE IS NO ONE BUT ME AND HIM.
Earl asked me, Linda, please, Linda, I'm sorry -- Earl asked me --
You don't do that, you don't call him, you don't know to get involved in the bussiness of his, of his of <u>my</u> family. this is the <u>family</u>, <u>me</u> and <u>him</u> do you understand?  You understand? NO ONE ELSE. THERE IS NO ONE ELSE.  That man, his son does not exist.  HE IS DEAD.  HE IS DEAD and WHO TOLD YOU TO DO THAT?
PUT THE FUCKIN' PHONE DOWN, HANG IT UP.
No, Linda, you don't understan --
Hang up the phone.
I've got Frank...Frank Earl's son. He's...he asked me to get him and I did --
What are you doing?
Linda --
I COME IN HERE - YOU DON'T KNOW, YOU DON'T KNOW WHO THE FUCK I AM OR WHAT MY LIFE IS AND YOU HAVE THE FUCKING BALLS, THE <u>INDECENCY</u> TO ASK ME A QUESTION ABOUT MY LIFE --
-- what-what-what, ma'am -- I --
You motherfucker...you motherfucker.... YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU? WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
...I don't....
You been on Prozac long?  Dexadrine?
Must have alot goin' on for all that stuff you got back there, eh?  You could have quite a party all that stuff....
mmmhmm.
Cats and Dogs out there, huh?
Hi.
Hello.
Thank you.
Total is $15.29.  Thirty minutes or less.
Yes. What? Yes.
Do you still want the peanut butter, bread and cigarettes ?
That's it.
yeah, I said.  Is that it?
Do you have that?
yeah.
Ok. One of those.  And...um...Barely Legal?
Yeah.
Ok. One of those. Do you have Ram Rod? The magazine, Ram Rod?
Yeah.
And um....do you have Swank magazine?
Ok.
Um, no, y'know what? Forget the water, just give me a loaf of bread...white bread.
Bottled Water?
Water.
mmm.hmm.
Cigarettes. Camel Lights.
Mmm.Hmmm.
I'd like to get an order of...um...peanut butter.
What would you like?
Yeah.
Partridge?
818-753-0088.
Phone number.
Hi. I'd like to get an order for delivery.
Pink Dot.
I'm sick of being the one, the one who always has to do everything, I don't want to be the one always --
Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass --
-- the fuck are you talking about?
I don't wanna go, I can't do it this time.
Shut up -- shut up --
Did you piss your fuckin' pants, Stanley?
I gotta go to the bathroom.
The fuck is wrong with you?
Maybe.
What are they gonna do -- beat us?
That's pretty cool.
They just let me have my own study-time, my own reading time in the library.
What do you do?
I don't have regular classes anymore.
Go to bed.
I think that you have to be nicer to me.
Go to bed.
You have to be nicer to me, Dad.
hang in there, ok. I love you.
Alright.
You're two fuckin' days from the record, get through this and I'II do anything for you, you just gotta get through this --
Yes.
Are we gonna keep going with this game?
Why did you do this?
I'm fine. I'm fine, I just wanna keep playing --
...oh Jesus, what the fuck...?
I said I'm fine.
Stand up.
I didn't I'm fine, I'm fine.
I don't know.
Bullshit.  Bullshit. You know the answer to every goddamn question and I knew the answer to those questions and I'm not half as smart as you are so What Happened?
I didn't know the answer --
Why didn't you answer those questions?
I'm fine. nothing.
What's the problem, what's the problem here?
See you.
Go to it, handsome.
Sure.
You ready to keep winning?
-- I didn't see you from the window.
You coulda been in front --
You're late, not me.
C'mon, man.
Love you too.
I got an audition, I won't make it here 'till two, c'mon, I'll see you later. Love you.
Should be one-thirty.
Be ready at two --
I can't carry all of them. I need them. I need my books. I need them to go to school.
Why the hell do you need all four bags of books to go to school each day?
I need this one.
Cmon,cmon,cmon, that one to?
-- talk in the car, talk in the car, moves your ass, c'mon --
We need more dog food --
Let's go,let's go, let's go, you shoulda done that ten minutes ago --
What the fuck is goin' on, WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?
This happens....this is something that happens.
....what the fuck, what the fuck....
It's raining frogs from the sky.
...fuck you mean, it's raining frogs?
It's frogs.  It's raining frogs.
What is that?
I can take you to get money.  I don't need it...I don't <u>need</u> it -- listen to me: I can let you have money so your father won't hit you ever again -- you'll have the money because I don't need it.
No.  No.  I have to do this on my own.
I have money to give you.
...what...?
I have money.
I'm sorry to put all this on you, Stanley --
I hate it.
It's not right.
Cause he hates me....he hates me so much.
....Why does he do it...?
You know what it's like to come home scared, scared that maybe if you don't have the money you're supposed to go out each day and get that you're gonna get beaten....by a belt...he hits me with a belt, Stanley....  I'm supposed to sell those candy bars, and if I don't, I come home without the money....
Yes.
....you have it...easy....you know? You have a father who loves you, huh?
It's ok.
..sorry...
Hi.
Hi.
It's ok.
..sorry...
Hi.
Hi.
