Yeah, stick around, you might learn something.
You mind if I ride with you?
Or worse, we'll have a hostage situation on our hands.
Alright, we know who we're looking for.  Play it cool until the time is right to make a move.  Let's not pull any gangbusters shit or we'll lose him again.
If you guys want in, fine.  Just remember this is our jurisdiction.
Every step of the way.
Cooperate?
I'm sure if our departments cooperate we can find out the truth.
That's the point.  He slipped up, and he's desperate now.  And that means he's all the more dangerous.
If what you're saying is true, then why would he have killed two police officers? A man like that would want to lay low, if he was planning some kind of damn sabotage mission!
Our agency monitors all threats very carefully, and there's good reason to believe Jim Trudell has the training, the connections, and the experience to present a clear threat to the public if he remains at large.
Yeah?..well what are you getting at? You saying he has an agenda down here?
I don't think you understand. I don't mean shuffling papers in an office, I mean Jim Trudell worked classified assignments, special forces...sabotage...until last year. He was brought up on charges of espionage, but the charges were later dropped, and he sprang the service.
We ran the i.d.  I could have told you that.
We did a little digging on Jim Trudell at Sergeant Zydowski's request. He's 31, no priors, and he's been working for the military for ten years.
Yeah - I heard - nothing came up.
Your department contacted our agency regarding information on Sarah Williams.
What can I do for you?
Yeah?
Captain Doyle?
Alright, stay on the phone.
What do you think?
You set to go -
We're by Ozone...
Where are you?
Yeah?
No I mean ours, motherfucker! If I go down everyone's going with me - you and your crew especially! You won't get protection, you won't get the trucks - nothing!
You mean shut your ass down!
So what is they have enough to shut us down!
So what?
He walked in on Fleming and took him out.
The shit just hit the fan, brother. That bitch has a partner and he got away from me.
What do you need?
It's Marvosa -
Well why don't you sit this one and get some rest...you look like shit. CUT TO INT TUBBS' APARTMENT - NIGHT
It's just...catching up with me, you know?
Something wrong with you Marvosa?
That's got to our secret agent man! Do we have an address?
Outside hacker?  What the fuck are you talking about?
Hey what they did on their time was their business, you know?  I just want to catch this scumbag, wherever he is.
Just wondering if maybe they had a thing going with this hooker, you know, some connection.
Where do you come from, Marvosa?
Gotta come from somewhere...
It's kind of a funny coincidence, isn't it?
What?
Well don't you think that's odd?
Yeah I saw 'em around.  They worked vice.
So you must have known Fleming... and Stanton -
Yeah...
Did you start out area six?
Nineteen eighty four.  What fucking difference does it make?
When did you join the force?  You know, the police force, the place you work...
What?
Our getaway car.  You said a cell phone?
What's this?
Fine -
I'll take the south end -
I'm sure you can handle it.  Now I want to do an alley-to alley sweep beginning at the north and south ends from Marine to 30th.  Foot beat units continue on the boardwalk.
These crowds are going to make it a bitch!
If you can trail him to a remote area do it. We all want a piece of him but let's keep our heads and stay within the law - we got people everywhere out here.
Right behind you.
Let's roll -
Fine...
Find out for me.
I don't know, shit.  Maybe she was looking for love...
But what was a hair dresser from Malibu doing 60 miles away in some dive bar?
So? Girls left bars with Ted Bundy too. It doesn't rule out foul play.
Sarah Williams left the bar with Trudell on her own.
What did the six-toes have to say?
I didn't hit shit!
Did you hit him?
Don't worry -
Don't take any chances.  Call for back-up this time!
We're all gonna fan out!  C'mon, let's do a sweep of the alleys -
I'm going to look for him on my own. Fuck this.
Great. Well that changes a lot...
He must have got the keys... off Stanton.
What the hell is this Marvosa!!
Oh for Chrissakes it could have happened to anyone of--
I don't know how you're used to doing things, Marvosa, but it sounds like some damn sloppy work to me!
It happened too fast.  He was in the back, quiet and calm and boom! He was out - and gone.  We...we fanned out...Stanton must have let his guard down!
Why didn't you call for back-up! What were you thinking, Jesus!!!
He busted the back window with his feet, and fled on foot.  We pursued him into this warehouse - but he's - gone, south - maybe a couple of miles if he's fast -
What the hell happened?
we've got kidnapping, grand theft auto, burglary, and two counts of murder on you, and I'm gonna see to it personally that it sticks!
You can cut the shit, asshole--
Did you report it stolen?
Bullshit...
It wasn't in the cards.
I tell you one thing Trudell - you'd make a hell of a cop...
I'll live...
Are you alright?
Yeah, it was opened -  with a goddamn screwdriver!!!
I didn't break in - the back door was open!
So...  to get the car back, you break into her house.
She stole my car!!
Anyhow...	you wake up and she's gone. But--  --this is my favorite part--  she leaves you the keys to a brand new Beemer.
I'm done talking until I get a lawyer.
Who am I?  I'm gonna be your worst fucking nightmare until you start breaking it down for me.  You understand? Where did you get the car!
And who are you?
Alright, where is she?
Nothing!  He didn't do nothing!
And what did he do to the girl?
I was just having a little fun -
Alright, alright!  We were just fucking with him..you know?
Now you listen to me hay-seed! If you don't want to spend a year in jail for making a false report you'll start giving me straight answers, you got that!!
Mm-hmm...that's not what the bartender told us.
Hell, he probably raped her in the lot, dumped the body somewhere. That's what he was like - a real wacko.
Did he harm the girl?
Yeah...the guy was psycho - I was just tying to protect the girl...
And he took a swing at you?
The guy was looking for trouble, shoving people around, being an asshole...
Well let's get his ass to the garage!  Some lead...
He said he was following up some lead.
And where the hell is Marvosa?
Could explain why Fleming was there.
Vice...you think they had something to do with this dead hooker?
Well it's just kind of a coincidence, isn't it?  Stanton and Fleming, both started in '83, both in area six...both in Vice?
Something I don't already know?
Well read this -
No Zydowski I didn't read today's paper - it's just going to irritate the hell out of me.
Did you read today's paper?
That's great Zydowski, you tech guys are really on the ball.  Harding - call the print lab at the FBI, run the prints through their library, see if it's less screwed-up than ours...
That's not all.  According to the computer - she died of a drug overdose last year.
What?  Wait a minute -
Her prints belong to Stephanie Field, convicted for soliciting two years ago.
Yeah?
You won't like this.  I ran the prints from the house.  No police record on your suspect--at least not in our files. But there is a match on the girl.
Zydowski.  It's about time.
LAPD data center reports a breach on the system.  An outside hacker has accessed files on Detectives Fleming and Stanton...and yours too, Marvosa.
Yeah?
Captain?
Good! We'll get it to the nearest outlying station and hold it for prints - we're on our way -  You coming?
They found the getaway Mercedes a parking garage north of Venice. It checks out.
Speak of the devil.
I lost him - I heard shots - that way!!
Where is he?!!
I don't know - but he's from the FBI.
Who is it?
Captain there's someone here to see you - he's waiting in your office.
Neither did I.  I'll make it up to you, I promise...
No -
Have you ever heard of the Live Oak River?
Where the hell is my car?
Yeah.
There's something I've been meaning to ask you, Stephanie.
So you know about Marvosa, and Stanton, and all of them.
I took it with me.  It's in a safe place.
What happened with the tape?
I didn't know what to do - but I knew I had something somebody would want.  That's where I met him - told him what I had.  The FBI set me up with a new place...but the cops found me somehow.  So I ran...and met you.
What did you do then?
I had it all on tape...
Found what?
I got out of there.	I just grabbed up my stuff, and then I found it.
And what did you do?
Yeah...they did.  One girl...
Didn't these - professionals - figure he had a girl in the room?
I was there, and it was no suicide. He was killed by professionals.  I was in the bathroom when it happened.
No, but I'm listening.
Six months ago, a police lieutenant named Charles Fletcher was found dead in a hotel room - he blew his brains out - left no note, you may have heard of it...
What exactly did you see?
No.  A witness.
Look what are you anyway? Some kind of spy?
I had to get away!  My life was in danger!
Well you figured wrong!  And now I'm public enemy number one.  You have an answer for that?
I didn't.  I figured you leave it well enough alone.
Why did you set me up?
You'll find out - soon enough.
What's going on here?
Only on dates?
No.
You always carry a gun with you?
Figure you would have tried it already.
You know, you don't seem afraid of much either.  How do you know I'm not going to try to rape you?
No...
Mind if I turn out the light?
You're the mysterious type, right?
No...
You got any family?
Seattle.
Where up north?
Up north.
So where are you from?
Don't worry about me...  ...and don't forget your helmet. You don't want to get a ticket.
Are you going to be alright?
I'm going to need a way to get there.
I can't help you anymore, Jimmy. I'm sorry.
I told you I'm not going anywhere! I got my whole life in this place!  I'll just destroy the evidence and play dumb.
Tubbs, these people mean business.
I'm not going anywhere!
That was her - the girl... We have to go.
Shit, we just started.  But I better log out of this.
It's not very much to go on...is there anything else we can check?
Ahh, shit.  We're pretty much tapped out.  I'm getting denied access all over the place...
And look at the balances...these aren't police salaries...
Both at the same bank...
Who knows?  Maybe he's ordering army knives. I can't access that, but look what we have here...these are the account records for Fleming and Marvosa.
A bank?
OK...Marvosa makes calls to this fax number overseas.  And that's Switzerland's country code.
What else is new?
You know this time, there's nobody that's gonna cover your ass. You're over your head this time.
I gave all that up.  I got tired of the lies. They wanted to stuff me in Levenworth to cover their asses on a botched assignment.  It got so I didn't know who to trust anymore...  ...some things never change, I guess.
So...what happened to you, Jimmy?  I figure you'd be in some far off place somewhere, living on the edge like the good old days.
I'll access the LAPD mainframe, but we gotta be careful - that one's kind of tricky -
How about Marvosa and the others?
OK...county tax records...they're saying 1490 Breckinridge is owned by... an Atlantic Trust Corporation...they have a P.O. box in D.C.
I got a lot of free time, you know what I mean?
I knew I could count on you.
I don't, but I'm pretty sure. It's a long story but I cloned a cellular linkup with a binary code scrambler and sent it through the phone network mainframe.  If they start a trace it will be to a Pic'n'Save on Pico.
No thanks.  How do you know they can't catch you on this thing?
Donut?
Let's see what we got...
1490...Breckinridge...
OK, I'm logged on to the municipal network.  I'm showing sixteen people with the name Sarah Williams in L.A. county.  None of them live in Hollywood.  Do you remember the address?
OK...where do you want to start?
I've got a better idea...
Shit, what I have now made our setup in Angola look like Tinker Toys.  I've been skipping through Internal Revenue records all day. I even have video strip poker. You want to check it out?
I hope you haven't lost your touch with this stuff.
Alright...alright...you've saved my ass enough times.  What do you want to do?
I don't know.  But I'm in trouble. I'm all over the papers. I have to figure out what's going on.
Oh man...what happened?
I have nowhere else to go, Tubbs, I need your help!
Shit, you know what happens to me if I'm harboring a fugitive?  I already think they're on to me! I thought you were the phone police for Chrissake!
They're inside the department, they're everywhere - it's not safe.
You gotta turn yourself in. Before it's too late -
It was self-defense, Tubbs! They're dirty!  I walked in on something, I don't know what -
Jimmy, do you realize what you did? Man that's like death penalty shit -
Yeah I'm sure!  I did it with my own hands!
Oh, shit, shit, shit - I don't know about all this! You sure?!
I killed them.
And?...
Look, Jimmy, you know, I haven't seen you in eight years, you show up to my door like you're on drugs - now the least you could do is tell me what the fuck is going on!
No...
Yeah, c'mon in...you scared the hell out of me!
Hello Tubbs.  Can I come in?
Holy shit -
This is Tubbs. Sorry I can't answer the phone, I'm out square dancing. Leave a message--
Operator, I'd like to make a collect call - 213-467-0972...
Please...
Jesus, man...
It's...it's a long story.  Can we meet somewhere?
Just what did you get yourself into, Jimmy?
Tubbs listen!  I don't know anywhere else to go!  I need your help!
You are drunk.  You know, it's been a long time and I'd love to catch up, but I really got to -
Yeah...
Well...whatsamatter?  Run in with the law?
No...I'm in some trouble...
Well where are ya, what are ya, drunk?
Tubbs, it's me.
Jim Trudell!  Bravo company!
What?
Not with this...
You don't seem afraid of much.
Screw him!
What would your - boyfriend - think?
Bartender said there are motels south of here.
We were fighting - I told him to let me out.  So where are you headed?
Ditched you?
Are you serious?  My boyfriend ditched me...
Are you a regular there?
Well, you saved me from a bad situation. Thanks.  I admit this is...unusual.
Where did you learn to fight like that? JIM  I read a book.
Hop in.
I'm stranded out here.
Mind if I come along for the ride?
I don't have any real destination. I'm just going South.
You must be going somewhere.
Well I've kind of had my fill of the place, you know what I mean?
Where are you going?
County jail - get in.
Where am I going?
Then what did you do, play canasta?
No.  It wasn't like that!
Did you have sexual intercourse with the woman in question?
What?
Did you have sex with her?
No - that's not it!  She said her boyfriend stranded her up there! I didn't ask her to come with me!
Nahhh...
Yeah, and that's all I'm going to say. If you want to arrest me, go ahead...
Oh yeah?  You're a smart man?...
I asked him not to tell me where he was going.  I told him I don't want any part of it.
Long gone, huh?
Long gone... MARVOSA Well you won't mind if I don't take your word for it, right?
Where is he?
Don't you guys ever knock?
