Haven't you had enough of us, Dad?
Dinner?  Again?
Yeah, speak for yourself.
Look who's talking.
You think so?
-- But he does seem very nice.
...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me.  Ever since Joe showed.  It's like he dropped from the clouds...
Nothing's going on.  Maybe he doesn't want to be alone.  He's go- ing to be sixty-five in a minute --
...We're never all together two nights in a row.  Maybe Christmas, Thanksgiving, that's it.  What's going on?
And isn't it a lovely one?  So sturdy, so straight --
That's your name?
...I'm here, aren't I?  Wouldn't miss a loose end meeting.  What's on the table for discussion?  Party favors, flowers -- hi Dad, hi Drew --
You ate?
Hi, everybody.  Sorry to be late -- had to have dinner with my depart- ment chief --
Drew called from the AStar, they're still two minutes away.
I'm Allison, you're 'honey'.
Well, maybe next time Joe goes, he'll take us along.
Did he?  That's more than we get to do.
Very.
He's cute.
That was 'Joe'.
Love that name.
Just plain 'Joe'?
Yeah, Bill, the suspense is killing me.
Daddy!  Come on, a name.
Unfortunately.  I sat between them at the Bronx Zoo benefit -- it was better than Seconal.
His wife?
He's coming.
Did you speak to the Governor?
Yes, it is.
You know, darling, this is going to be a wonderful party.
But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?"
I wasn't going to say --
That you've been to Susan?
I haven't been the father to you that --
They respect you.  Isn't that a kind of love?
Yeah?  And what about my enemies?
I do it because I love you.  Because everybody I loved you.  Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you.
-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs.
Do they, m'dear?
The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar.  The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian.  Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'.
It's starting to grow on me.  But what do the 'B' and 'P' mean?
Hi, Daddy, what do you think?
'Goddam party'!
Oh, the goddam party --
It's for the party, Dad --
I don't like cake.
From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America.  This is orange, from real Seville oranges.  Lemon, on a mille-feuille crust, a little on the fanciful. And a while, nothing like a good old white cake, vanilla, with Angel food but some maroons shavings thrown in.
Who's Annie?
Annie made them.
What is this?
That's okay, Daddy.
I like it.  I like it.  I'm sorry I don't seem more appreciative.
You know, we're going to give this party for you whether you like it or not.
Of course.
Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.  A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course --
Conflict, honey.  Korean Conflict.
From the Korean War.
Who?
Did you know twenty-six members of your rifle company are coming?
We've got some things to discuss.
Now, I'm getting interested.  I want to know more ---
Whew, at last.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Black.
-- Black.
A name?
Daddy.  Does your friend have a name?
Good.  Songs.  What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play?
Oh, you couldn't be more wrong, sweetheart.  I can' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I'm looking forward to it.
And you could care less --
I know you do, darling.
I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect --
What, honey?
No.
Isn't it enough to be on this earth sixty-five years without having to be reminded of it.
Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it.
I hate parties --
But it's your birthday.
Allison, I trust you.  This is your thing.
Fireworks.  Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept...
Not much more.  Big day in the big city.  What's on your mind?
Have you got a minute?
Hi, Allison --
Daddy!
What will I tell Annie?
But what?
Yeah, but --
You know what I'm saying, Joe?
Honey --!
Yeah, they hit the calf over the head with a mallet and then Luisa hits it again in the kitchen.
Paillarde of veal.
No jocks?  A twenty-game winner or a Masters champion?  Someone I could talk to.  Or would talk to me.
Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune '500'.
He said he would be there with bells on.
What about the Mayor?
Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's.  You too, Drew.  We've still got some loose ends --
Okay.  All aboard - New York, New York!
Honey, please.
Both.
Red or white?
Okay, give me a bottle of wine.
I'm afraid this is a wine bar, Mr. Quince.
9:30's almost 10:30.  Where I come from, the sun's over the yardarm, m'boy, and the cocktail lamp is lit.
Well sir, it's 9:30 in the morning.
What do you do that for?
Pinot Grigio.  We're considering it for the appetizer.
And that?
-- The late harvest Riesling, Mr. Quince, a possibility for dessert.
...This shit's not bad.
Oh, Mr. Parrish, I could never buy Parrish Communications.  I could pay for it, of course, but it would always have your imprint.
I thought you were buying my company.
Left field somewhere.  Well, Bill, I want to come in from the outfield, bat cleanup like you have, learn the plush ropes --
I'm sorry, I don't recall --
We've met before, y'know, that White House function, the President had you on his right and you know where I was?
Good, good.  Glad to hear it.
Bill, thanks for coming over...  And how're you doing today, Drew?  You've got a firecracker here, the kid's really set the table.
Right away.
Toast?  No...just the butter.
How would you like that, sir?  On some kind of toast?
I would prefer some peanut butter.
I would say, sir, it is right up there with Jif and Skippy.  But miles ahead of Peter Pan.  Like a taste?
'Laura Scudder's Peanut Butter'.  You like it?
You mean this, sir?
What are you eating.
Yes sir, Mr. Black, a pleasure.
Hello.  I'm Joe Black.  Nice to meet you.
Yes, sir?
So I guess a blowjob's out of the question?
That's it.  It's over.  Get out.
Oh, you're the great Joe's attorney now?  Are we going to go to court? Or are we going to go to bed?  And I don't mean you and me.  I mean you and him.
Yeah.  Goodnight.
Well... goodnight.
No, not okay.  I thought we had a good thing going here.  It shows you never know.
Sorry, but I like the way he looks and talks to me.  And vice versa. Okay?
That may be.  But I don't like the fucker.  I don't like the way he looks at you and talks to you.  And vice versa.
Drew, you're out of line.
Daddy'll do fine.  Besides, he's got Joe.  And so do you.
You don't mean that.  You wouldn't disappoint Daddy --
Include me out.  I've had enough of the conversations.
...See you tomorrow night.
What 'business'?
-- Did I hear 'business'?
Hi.
Hello, Beautiful.
He'll wait --
Bontecou wants a speedier response than that.
We're not getting anywhere here. Why don't we take some of the best out of this thing, let's consider it coolly, let's take a week --
Hello, Quince.
Thank you for coming.
Am I not obligated to?
You're taking this too far, Drew.
Bill's birthday is the day after tomorrow.  There is a provisory by- law in our charter.  Per the discre- tion of the Board, Corporate off- icers can be retired at age sixty- five.
And what would that be?
The dagger --?
I appreciate your gentlemanliness, Bill, but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home --
I'm not stepping anywhere --
-- And now you're going to pee some more.
So tell me, tell me, I'm peeing in my pants.
Not good, not bad, you know what we got?  Nothing.  No credit, no cars, no mortgages -- no wives.  Nothing.
No, I don't --
I'll make a note of it.  Anything else?
Perhaps you could remind me.
Susan's patient is whom we are talking about.
Is this a state secret or are we being excluded just for the fun of it?
But I know she's grateful for the care you're giving her.
Who are we talking about?
Well, I'm going to tell you anyway. I did cheat on that exam at Groton. But so did twenty-six other guys, and nobody ever mentioned it until today.  And I'm expecting you won't mention it again.  I don't know who you are and where you're getting your information, but I'm willing to pretend I did not hear it, and let bygones be bygones.  But can I tell you something else, it'd be nice to see the big guy without you next to him.  What are you, his shadow?  Do you hold his dick for him when he goes to take a leak?  You know some- times somebody would like a few min- utes alone with W.P.  That means without you.  Okay, pal?  Let's eat.
No.
Yes.
May I interrupting?
Then why did you bring it up?
It doesn't matter.
Of whom?
It's just a saying, Mr. Black,
What an odd pairing.
Yes.
"Death and Taxes"?
Yes.
And a glass.
Cold.
Hot or cold.
Why yes, thank you.
Anything else, Mr. Black?  How about some water?
Do you have any more of these deli- cious cookies?
The Board of Parrish Communications - is hereby called to order.  Our sole order of business is an acceptance of John Bontecou's generous offer and --
Thank you.
Nice to see you.  I didn't expect you, but certainly you can't get enough of a good thing.
'Here'?
Here...
Incidentally, Joe, where're you staying?
Joe sounds like a ringer, Bill.  I have the feeling you guys got the broad strokes already.  Need any help with the details?
I didn't say.
What side of the industry did you say you were on?
We have an arrangement now.
Proof?  We've got plenty of proof.
You're talking through your hat. You're offering a deal because you've got no proof.
You get not to go to jail.
And what do I get?
No lawyers, Drew.  We're going to offer you a deal.
I think I'd like to talk to my lawyer --
Is this Mr. Black's fantasy?  Another one of his whoppers?  Aren't you sick of this asshole lurking around? No one knows who he is, but one thing everyone does know, he somehow got your ear and has been pouring poison into it ever since.
The Board didn't know you're a mole who burrowed inside so you could bury us all.
I don't know where you get that idea -- the Board agreed --
Mandatory retirement upon our Chairman's sixty-fifth birthday.
In English, please.
But who is he?  What are his creden- tials?  What is his relationship to you?
I've already introduced Mr. Black to you all.
Are you running this Board or am I?
Certainly, Bill.
Yes, you are to understand that, and now may I ask you a question?
So I am to understand from your re- sponse that you do not want to hear the details of Bontecou's offer?
I'm not interested in the details. And I'm not interested in the big picture either.  What I am inter- ersted in is how my Board got conven- ed behind my back, is entertaining a further proposal from a man whom it offends me to do business with, moreover has the audacity to present this to me like a prize fish, and I am expected to clap for it like a performing seal.  No, thank you.
Don't you want to hear the details?
The answer is no, quick enough for you?
Bontecou wants a quick response and --
That's it?
I don't think so.  Do you?
Did you want to have a cup of coffee or something, Bill?
Certainly.  Goodnight.
I think it's time you went home, Drew.
I'm just giving you the truth.  There was a time when William Parrish liked the truth.
I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me.
Yours.
Whose?
With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor.
I don't care.
What do you think the Board is going to say when I tell them that?
Over my dead body.
If I read this Board right now, they want you to accept Bontecou's offer.
What are their feelings?
Yes, you made your feeling abun- dantly clear.  Now they want to do the same with theirs.
What is there to say?  They know what John Bontecou is -- and if they didn't, they know now.
Sure.
Okay, we'll see you tomorrow.
I have to go, Bill -- it's been a helluva day.  Need a few minutes to sort everything out.
Please, Drew.
Mind if I throw up?
Please.  Don't worry about him.  And above all, don't antagonize him.
For how long?  And why?
You're competitive soul, Drew. That's what makes you a great addi- tion to the money.  Joe is just... around.
As much as Joe's?
I was a little abrupt with you this afternoon, Drew.  Forgive me.  I want you to know I value your advice.
Well now it's undone, okay?  Forget Bontecou!  Scrub him!  I'm tired of his fancy name and his fancy offer. I'm not going for it.
I thought this was practically a done deal --
Joe, cut it out.  And you too, Drew.
I was hired, you told me, to help bring Parrish Communications into the 21st Century.  This merger is the vehicle --
Why?
How nice for you both.
Joe and I have no secrets from each other.
Before I do --  I was hoping we might be alone, Bill.
Sit down, Drew.
'Just kidding'?
No.
But the matter's still on the table, Bill --
Shall we adjourn?
Glad I could be of some help.
I am now.
You're not familiar with the phrase, "In this world, nothing is certain but Death and Taxes"?
That's your privilege, Bill.  But given our needs, given the absolute necessity for growth, given the fu- ture, the truth is... joining John Bontecou is every bit as certain as - Death and Taxes.
Sorry.  I know it looks like I'm reversing my field.
...Sounds like you're not leaving much room for discussion.
I get the feeling you've done some business before.
No --
Uh -- he's from out of town --
Have we met?
Like 'Smith' or 'Jones --'
What do you mean?
Is there any more to it?
Yes.
'Joe...'
What?!
Sorry...um - you - you know it's gone right out of my head --
Oh, excuse me.  This is -- uh -- this is --
Yeah, something he goes by --
Olympic.
As close as a deal could be.
So... Board convenes tomorrow, you'll recommend, we close and it's a deal, right?
You have a way with words.
Like a marriage made in heaven?
I thought it was great, I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop --  Instead it was --
Me, too.
I'm all excited --
That's great!  Wait 'til I show it to Bontecou.
Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time.
Bill, after this deal, you'll be able to afford one.
Do you think I need a haircut?
It's going to be great --
Sounds good.
...Tomorrow we sign off -- photo opportunity, you and Big John, it'll lead network news.  Okay so far?
No no, not you.
Why yes, Bill, I was saying to Quince --
Did you just hear something?
I was saying to Quince we won't need --
Maybe, who knows?  You know how voices are.  Let's go.
'Yes' to the deal?
'Yes'.
What'd it say?
In my sleep.
A voice?
'Thoughts'?  Not a one -- but I did hear a voice last night.
Well, it's a big day.  Wanted to line up a few ducks before kickoff. Any thoughts?  Last minute refine- ments or variations?
Good morning, Drew.  Thanks for coming out.
Yeah, the short, gray hairs.
Well, you've got him by the short- hairs.
He said that?
He had no choice.  You're a formidable adversary.
This is damn big of Bill, I also think it's smart.
Go right ahead.  Tell William Parrish how you betrayed him at a secret Board meeting.  And tell Allison how you got her father fired -- and he lost his company.
I don't want to get rich this way -- I'm going to expose you.
The train's left the station, pal, and you're aboard.  Would you like to hear the silver lining?  Check that, gold.  I've been working with John Bontecou all along.  We had a game plan -- acquire Parrish Communications then break it apart and peddle it piece-by-piece to the highest bidder.  I set it up for him, he smacks it out of the park.
But I didn't mean to do it!
Quince, you can't unscramble scrambled eggs.
I'm going to put a stop to this!
That we did.  Thanks to you.  He was wobbling, mind you, but you spplied the coup de grace.
What have you done?  You've gotten the old man fired!
That's what he said.
'It's up to Joe'?
The timing -- yes.  He says it's up to Joe.
-- But he was concerned about the timing?
He was interested.
How did Bill react to the leads you've developed?
Well, I'm happy to tell you I've got good news.  As I was telling Drew, I've been making a little hay while the Bontecou sun was shining -- two, possibly three new and boiling hot prospects for merger.
You're on, Quin-cee.  Destination Hospital.  Joe, you'll be the Tour Guide.  Okay?  How's that sound to you?
I'd like to come, too.  See Susan strut her stuff.
Yeah.  Neat.
I thought so, too.  Joe's a neat guy.
Well, that's very interesting.
Yeah, that's what he said.
'It's up to Joe', huh?
Yeah.
'It's up to Joe'?  Those were his words?
We'll do it together.  I'll clue you in.  Timing's got to be right.  The old man says it's up to Joe.
Are you?
Never mind Bontecou.  I've got some other merger possibilities up my sleeve, and I'm putting them to see old man.
Thanks, Quince.
...I know you're down, but you know when you're down, Drew, there's no place to go but up.
Joe, you do get around.
Well, I guess he's found one.
I don't think they're ordinary.  I love keychains.
You're overthinking it --
I know.  Gum up the works.
Quince, m'man, thanks for the offer, but it's all set for just me and Bill. More people might --
Hey, this is it, the hour approach- es, I'm getting all excited.  So what do you think, is it --  -- just the 'Executive Committee' or could you guys use me?
Can do no right by people.  Come to take, you wan' to stay, leave you stay, you wan' to go.  Rahtid!
Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty.
Brung you flowers and all I gettin's facety back.
Schoolboy tings is you head. Badness for you, badness for her, badness for me, lyin' here tumor, big as breadfruit, poison my inners an' waiting.
Don' need you okayin'.
Rass!
She knows how she feel.
She knows you real self?
I am.
You loved back?
Yah.
Mine, too.
My Doctor Lady?
Yes.
Oh, you come to see Doctor Lady?
Nuthin'.
Doctor?  What could be wrong wit' you?
No, I come to see Doctor.
None facety, mistah.  You come for me?  Dat's good news.
Don' be facety, woman.
Make it time.
Not time yet.
Can, mistah.  Take me to dat nex' place.
Can't, sistah.
Not dis pain.  Dis pain tru an' tru. Make it go 'way.
Doctor lady make it irey.
Make it go 'way.
I nuttin' to do wi' dat.
Some spot you pick.
No, no.  I on holiday.
You wait here'n to take us?  Like you bus driver to dere?
I from dat nex' place.
What you then?
Obeah evil.  I not evil.
Obeah.
Didn't you call a Board meeting?
What?
The Board is waiting.
Good morning, Jennifer.
Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
Of course, Mr. Parrish.  Right away.
Jennifer.
Didn't the family get together last night --?
-- And call my family, I'd like them to come over for dinner tonight.
Nothing?
No.  Nothing.
Lunch is 'in' today, have you given it any thought --_
Sure.
I've been buzzing you, Mr. Parrish. Are you all right?
Hi, Jennifer.
Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
No.
Do you think I should wait to tell him 'till after the party?
Because that's the kind of man Bill Parrish is.
You think so?  How do you know?
What would you say if you knew it was me who brought down Bill Parrish?  I told Drew and the Board that Bill depended on you.  Drew led me on, but I had no business telling him in the first place.  He was setting up Bill from day one.  Drew and Bontecou are going to chop up the company and sell it off for parts. Bontecou was outside, Drew was Mr. Inside.  And I was the fool who made it all happen.  Oh God, what do I do?
Oh yes, you are one of my favorites.
Free to love each other.  Com- pletely.  Totally.  No fear.
What do you mean 'free'?
Yeah, it's like you know every inch of each other's souls -- and then you're free.
'The deepest, darkest secrets --'?
Because there's nothing we don't know about each other and it's okay. I mean the deeper, darkest secrets -- they don't matter.
But she loves you?
I was a world-class loser and she was a happy, little rich girl -- and for some reason she took me in.
How did you meet?
Oh yes, I do.
You love Allison, don't you?
'Love'?  Oh, man, I've got troubles of my own.
Love.
Confused, huh?  About what?
Do I?  I'm a little confused.
C'mon, have a drink.  You look like you need one bad as me.
You're welcome.
Thanks.
And you're a nice man, Quince.
You're an original, Joe.  A little hard to figure, maybe...
On the other hand, Winston Churchill drank a bottle of cognac a day and lived until he was ninety-one.
I didn't know that.
Cirrhosis of the liver is the fifth leading killer of adult Western males.
No problem.  I'll leave you two alone.  I can tell you guys have something on the fire --
That's very gracious of you, Quince.
It's so very nice to see you again.
Don't bother asking, we already tried.
Hey, this is fun.
Black.
As long as it takes.
How long you here, Joe?
Are you?
You bet.  I'm king of my Rotisserie League.
Yes?
'Joe Black'.  Won fifteen and lost two for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952.
Yeah...and you're the prettier thing here.
You think so?
Well, I don't know what else to say. It's a helluva party --
That's it?
Thank you for loving me.
-- Yes?
Susan --
Hold me --
I love you now, I'll love you always --
Tell me you love me -- tell me you love me now --
But you're not.  You're somewhere else.  You're someone else --
I'm still here.
You want me to wait for you, you'll be back --
I - uh --
-- That was the place... and you were the guy.
The 'coffee shop' --
And I said you'd have a hard time finding a woman like that.
Did I say that?
Yes, that's why I said it.
I believe that, don't you?
It's a saying.
'Love will find out the way'?
'Love will find out the way'.
What will we do?
Lightning struck.  We caught it in a bottle.  Don't let it out.  I want to be with you, Joe --
Will it?
Don't.  That will come later.
But there's so much to tell you --
We know all that we need to know --
We know so little about each other --
Then don't.
No worse than it gets for me.  I'm in love with a woman whom I don't want to leave.
It gets worse.
I can tell you the when part.  Tonight.
And you can't tell me who you are.
Well -- I --
Where are you going?
Yes.  Your father and I, our time together has come to an end.
It beats a surgical, doesn't it?
I love you in an evening gown.
I like you in a black tie.
Oh, I hope a long, long time.
For how long?
Nowhere?  I'm...here.
Where are you going?
Yes!
More than you love peanut butter?
I loved it.
Did you like making love to me?
Maybe it's the draft through the door.
...No.
Yes, he's tired.  I believe so.
He must be tired -- this Bontecou thing --
He's taking a nap.
How beautiful.
I just thought I'd drop by, scrounge a little lunch, I was in the neigh- borhood --
I am.
You're here?
Faster.  And I want the scent from underneath your ears and the taste of your lips and the touch of your tongue to stay with me -- forever.
And is your heart beating strangely?
Well...I'm -- uh, Joe.  And you're Susan.  And I - uh - have this weak feeling in my knees --
I don't know who you are.
Yes?
Why, yes.  Thank you.
Never tried, 'til now.  Joe, may I kiss you?
-- Could you?
It was everything.
Thank you.
-- I guess you haven't.
I love your smell.
Please.  We don't need to talk about Drew.
I'm sorry about --
I said get out.
Almost.
Why don't you get off his case?
You first.
Yes.  I'm tired.
'To bed'?
To bed.
Where are you going?
No.
Gay?
No.
Girlfriend?
No, I'm not.
Because guys who never say anything about themselves are always married.
Why?
I don't like the way Drew spoken to you.  But I feel better about it now because of the way you spoke back.
How long have you been standing there?
I'm sorry to hear that.
We're doing what we can for her. But it doesn't look good.
Has her pain abated?
I am, too.
I'm very concerned about the woman you attended to today.
Yes...I've found that it does.
It comforts you, doesn't it?
Yes...
I adore things like that....food I can't do without.  Don't you?
I don't know.
Why do you love peanut butter so much?
And I appreciate you, too.
I mean I appreciate that.
Excuse me?
I appreciate you --
It wasn't an intrusion.  And if it was, it turned out to be welcome.
Well, now I am sorry.  For intruding on you this afternoon.
I thought you said 'Be sorry for nothing'.
I wanted to apologize, Susan --
Be sorry for nothing.
I have to go, I'm sorry to say --
Not now.
Joe, I'm with Drew.
Yes.
She's in a great deal of pain.
I don't mind --
Patients have visitors, not doctors.
And I'll be a visitor.
That's impossible.  I'm a doctor, I'm --
Whatever you do.
Watch me do what?
Very well, I'll watch.
I don't have any time to see you now.  I'm doing grand rounds and then I'm examining back-to-back patients until dinner and then --
I came to see you.
Then why are you here, Joe?
Oh goodness, no.
How nice you look.  Is that your uniform?
Joe --
I think you want to go to the west wing.  Through there.
Yes?
Goodnight to you, Susan.
Goodnight, Joe.
Did you know you have a wet spot on your shoulder?
Yes?
Susan?
I'm sorry to say I know what you're saying.
I have a certain function to per- form, and that seems to take all of my time.  Bu sometimes - uh - I speculate - uh - I haven't left room for - uh - anything else.
Yes --?
I can see why.
I don't have any.
I've got plenty of friends.
I guess what I'm trying to say is -- I'd like us to be friends.
No, Joe, I'm swimming here.  Then I'm going home.
I'm sorry.  Do you live here?
Drew is none of your damn business. Nor is where I put my mouth.
When you put your mouth to his, Susan, it seems a frequent thing.
Come again?
Do you love Drew?
-- What kind of childhood did you have?
I haven't.
You act like you never had peanut butter before --
Peanut butter.
What are your intentions?  To make little dreams in coffee shops, turn a woman's head, and I don't mind admitting it was turned, I liked it, but ten hours later I feel like a fool.  I don't get it.  You, my father, here in this house, the cof- fee shop, it's making me upset, and I don't like being upset.  Who are you anyway?  And what are you eating?
That is not my intention.
Not the one I met this morning, hit- ting on me in as nice a way as I've been hit on in a long time, but the moment you find out I'm my Dad's daughter, you act like a stranger.
I am Joe.
You appear at his side out-of-the- blue, stay at his house, eat dinner with his family, it's practically a first.  You're in the red-hot center of big business and I thought you were a regular Joe.
'Big'?
I'm sorry.
-- Can't seem to escape you today.
I'm lost.
What are you doing here?
That's life.  What can I tell you?
Yes.
Yes.
I guess you have your reasons.
Not exactly.
Thank you.
Happy Birthday, Bill.
An indictable offense.
An offense --
Undisclosed conflict of interest --
Moreover, Agent Joe Black here -- of course that's not his real name -- smelled out your involvement, Drew.  He developed evidence you were working both sides of the fence.  Unfortunately, that's known as a conflict of interest --
And we're very grateful.
The Treasury Department asked my cooperation in his undercover investigation of John Bontecou. They were convinced that Bontecou, on past deals, had structured his mergers and acquisitions in sus- picious and complicated ways so as to evade paying the taxes he is liable for.  The IRS wanted to go after him, and this deal offered them the opportunity.  I agreed to cooperate.
-- An IRS man.
I'll take it from here --  I am --
He is --
Prepare yourself, Drew - I am --
I told you to shut up.
It's not necessary, Joe.  Drew's going to step aside --
It's time to put this person where he belongs.
Joe, don't do this --
Get him in here.
Okay.
I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
Are you threatening me?
I don't expect you to.
I don't like what you're saying.
Does she know where she's going?
No.
With you?!  Who is 'you'?  Did you tell her who you are?
Susan wants to come.  She says she's in love with me.
Well, they're mine now.
Those were my words, Bill.
Multiply it by infinity and take it to the death of forever and you will still have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
So that's what love is?
Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them.  And above all, not hurting the object of your love.
Which is what?
Some aimless infatuation in which, for the moment, you feel like in- dulging.  It's missing everything that matters.
Then what is it?
How perfect for you -- to take whatever you want because it pleases you.  It's not love --
I love her, Bill.  She is all that I ever wanted, and I've never wanted for anything because I've never wanted anything before, if you can understand.
Susan is my daughter, she has a wonderful life ahead of her and you're going to deprive her of it and you're telling me you're sorry?  Well, I'm sorry, apology not accepted.
I'm sorry, Bill --
You're not taking Susan anywhere. And what the hell does that mean anyway?
I think you heard me, Bill.
You're what?
I'm in love with your daughter, and I'm taking her with me tonight.
Say again?
-- And I'm in love with your daughter.
You 'want to know', I'll tell you. You're looking at a man who tonight is not about to walk through the Valley of the Shadow of Death, he's galloping into it.  And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates.  And, oh yes, I almost forgot, my daughter's fallen in love with Death.
I was just asking, Bill.
What the hell do you care?
Not at all.
Thanks.
Good.  Tomorrow, after the party.
Yeah.
You are?
What are you saying, that it's time to go?
-- I have the feeling that, all in all, what I made this voyage for -- has served its purpose.
Yes?
Uh --
I told you, 'watch it'.
Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch.
May I remind you this is not just a dispute with a putative suitor, this is me.  So watch it...Bill.
And I don't give a shit.
I don't like your tone, and I don't like your references.
Any universe that exists or ever existed.  You may be the pro, Joe. But I know who you are.  And you're all fucked up.
This universe?
You're violating the laws of the universe.
I picked you for your verve, your excellence, and for your ability to - how shall I say - instruct.  You've lived a first-rate life.  And I find it eminently usable.
Yes, and stop repeating everything I say, and turning it into a question. Spooning, fooling around, God knows what.  You arrive on the scene -- why you picked me, I still don't under- stand --
'Spooning'?
Well, you goddam well should.  You walk into my life, give me the worst news a guy can get, have me dancing on the heads of pins with my busi- ness and with my family, and now you're spooning with my daughter.
With all due respect, Bill, I'm not asking your permission.
I'm her father!
I'll be the judge of that.
Well, you're at the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong woman.
Yes, I saw you see me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I couldn't sleep.
Then I can't help you.
I'm not hungry.
Never mind.  I'm tired.  I'm going to take a nap.
'Fish'?
What 'okay' is, it's 'okay' it's over.  We've got bigger fish to fry, don't we, Joe?
Just a manner of speaking.
What's okay?
That's okay.
I'm sorry, Bill --
Goodnight.
Okay.  Goodnight.
Um -- not right now.
Hello.  Would you like to join me, Quince and Allison for a nightcap?
Hello, Bill.
Are you going to fire me, Bill?
How about you telling me?  When I ask a simple question, I expect a straight answer.  That's what I'm used to.  Anybody who doesn't give it to me, I fire.
You tell me, Bill.
What way would you put it?
I wouldn't put it that way.
About Susan?
I guess...
You were just curious?
I don't know.
Why did you go to the hospital?
Easy, Bill.  You'll give yourself a heart attack and ruin my vacation.
And I don't need your goddamn permis- sion either!  You!  Drew!  I don't need anyone to tell me how to run my life.
Okay.
I don't want anybody buying up my life's work and turning it into something it wasn't meant to be.  A man wants to leave something behind. And he wants it left behind the way he made it.  And he wants it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor, of dedication, of truth. Okay?
Why, at this juncture, are you letting yourself be so concerned by business matters?
Absolutely.
Dinner?  Absolutely.
This part I'm interested in.
I thought you'd heard a trillion times --
Well...I don't know.
Why didn't you stop me?
And more.
Cold lamb sandwiches -- not as chewy as roast beef, not as boring as chicken.  She knew stuff like that.
Uh-huh.
Glad you like it.  My wife turned me onto cold lamb sandwiches.  Joan -- that was my wife --
Truly - uh - splendid.
Cold lamb sandwich with cilantro.  A little Coleman's mustard.
Excellent.  What is it?
It's all yours.
Are you going to eat your lunch
No thank you, Bill.  I can manage.
Jennifer, give Mr. Black a map of the city.
Oh.  Okay.
Now I'd like to be alone.
Of course.
Joe, could I ask you to take a walk? Buy a tie or something.  I know I'll be seeing you.
You're not thinking of going some- where, are you, Bill?
Yes, I am.  There's a research lib- rary on the fourth floor.  Why don't you go down and read some magazines?
Are you sad, Bill?
...I'd like to be alone for a while.
I don't understand.
-- What's the deal here?  Are you going to be breathing down my neck right 'til the very end?
Yes.
Would you like to sit down, Joe?
I'm sure you'll see to it that it won't be a problem.
What I'm trying to say is this is a Board meeting and you are not a mem- ber of the Board.
No.
Perhaps you would like to wait in my office --?
So can I.
Yes.
Can you keep a secret?
What's it like where I'm going?
What do you mean?
What's it like?
I understand.
I want to live.
That's what everybody says.
I'm not everybody.
That's what everybody says.
-- I don't deserve this.  I'm still young, this is not my time --
Not this.
There's one to every rule.
Make an exception?
How about giving a guy a break?
Yes, Bill.
Joe --?
So you've grasped the idea.  Con- gratulations.  Now multiply it by infinity and take it to the depth of forever, and you still will have barely a glimpse of what I am talking about.
Of course.
So you understand the concept then. When you're busy here, your work, what your task is, is being executed elsewhere.
I guess so.
You were hatching ideas, making plans, arriving at decisions, right?
What do you mean?
When you were shaving this morning, you weren't just shaving, right?
You've got a deal.
Yes?
Bill --
You give your word, I give mine -- that we'll do what we say.  It's a truth exchanged between two people.
A 'deal'?
It is a deal?
Sounds fair enough.
And I won't tell anyone who you are.
And what?
Oh, I wouldn't tell them anything, Bill.  You'll ruin the good start we had last night.  I felt as if I were being treated like a person.  'Joe' this and 'Joe' that - a nice smile - Quince passed me the rolls -- no 'rapture' or 'passion' or any of those mighty things you seem so intent on imparting, but I am cer- tain, should you - uh - say - uh - who I am - our adventure would end abruptly.
Um -- well, I didn't sleep too well. This is crazy.  This is the left- field thing of all time.  What do I do?  What do I tell my family?
'Feeling'?  I feel fine.  How do you feel?
How are you?  How're you feeling?
Good morning, Bill.
Good morning.
Good night to you, Bill.
And - uh - I  guess, 'goodnight'.
Not at all.
Well, thank you for letting me know.
Closer than that.
I hope you realize, Bill...in your office this morning, that was your time.
No --
Your doctor?  Did your doctor say anything about a tiny, undetectable hole in your aorta?  Did he mention an irreparab- ly weak vein in the further reaches of your famous brain?  Were there any prognostications about the possibil- ilites of a fatal collision on a golf cart or suffocating in an avalanche on a ski vacation in Gstaad?
...I just saw my doctor, he told me everything was fine.
That's the best I can do.  ...but minute-by-minute, I find myself lingering.
When you go, I go.
You're putting me on the spot, Bill.
How long have I got?
I won't.
If there is anything else, don't hesitate --
No.
Thank you.  Would you like the man's name?
What a good idea.
It hadn't occurred to me until then. I was just having such a wonderful time -- Besides, isn't this what I'm here for?
I wish you had said something to me about staying here --
No.
So there's nothing between you and Susan?
I didn't know her.  The body I took knew her.  The man she met in the coffee shop this morning.  I - uh - took him.
Shook me up.  I mean that you knew her and everything --
'Threw' you?  Where?
...I'm sorry, I'm a little discon- certed, that stuff between you and Susan -- uh -- threw me.
Thank you.
Joe, that's the kitchen.
Joe knows what you're saying, just being polite --
No --
Then don't.
When I introduce you, if I say who you are, I don't think anyone will stay for dinner.
Speak up, please.
It just occurred to me --
Of course.
Excuse me?  Could I say something?
Bill, I am eating dinner with you. And your family.  And that's what we're doing.  It's not open for discussion.  Nothing is.  Don't you understand?
This is crazy -- you're not going to eat dinner with us.
And then --?
You should hope quite a while.
I do?  How long will you be staying?
You fill the bill, Bill.
You want me to be your guide --?
The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took.  Let me ask your opinion.  Do I blend in?
You're not Death.  You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.
That's me.
Death!
Yes.
'...Yes --'
You are --?
You're coming to 'take me'.  What is that?  Who the hell are you?
I am not a dream.
Am I dreaming this?  Are you a dream?
Yes, Bill.  The question.
The 'question' --
Bill.  Come on.  The question.  The question you've been asking yourself with increased regularity, at odd moments, panting through the extra game of handball, when you ran for the plane in Delhi, when you sat up in bed last night and hit the floor in the office this morning.  The question that is in the back of your throat, choking the blood to your brain, ringing in the ears over and over as you put it to yourself --
What question?
'Yes' is the answer to your ques- tion.
Yes what?
In return you'll receive minuets, days, weeks, I'm not going to go into details ... what matters is that I stay interested.
I'm sorry --
Watch it!
What the hell are you talking about?
Time.
Get what?
Show me around.  Be my guide.  And in return, you get...
'The one' to do what?
It requires competence, wisdom, experience -- all those things they say about you in testimonials -- and you're the one.
'Take me'...?  Where?
I want to have a look around before I take you.
About what?
Just think of millenniums multiplied by aeons compounded by infinity, I've been around that long, but it's only recently that your affairs here have piqued my interest.  Call it boredom, the natural curiosity of me, the most lasting and significant element in existence has come to see you.
What the hell is this?  Who are you?
The great Bill Parrish at a loss for words?  The man from whose lips fall 'rapture' and 'passion' and 'obses- sion'...all those admonitions about being 'deliberately happy', what there is no sense 'living your life without...', all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones --
Quiet.
What is this, a joke, right?  Some kind of elaborate practical joke? At my 40th reunion, we delivered a casket to the Class president's hotel room and --
I'm here.
Where are you?
Know what?  Know what, goddammit!
I think you know --
What do you mean?!
There's going to be plenty of time for that.
Please.  Talk to me --
It's enough now.
Where are you?  Are you there?
No, you're not.  You're trying to 'handle' the situation but this is the one situation you knew you never could handle.
I'm sorry, I --
Are you giving me orders?
What you were talking about.
What are you talking about?
Try.  Because 'if you haven't tried, you haven't lived'.
I don't!
I think you know --
I believe you did.
I didn't ask any question.
'Yes' is the answer to your question.
'Yes' what?
What?
'...I know, it's none of my business.'
Sir, I'll deliver the package.
Quince, I've got confidence in you.
You think Drew will go for it?
All in all, what Bill wants to do is build the golden bridge to Drew with no hard feelings.
Yes, I believe I do.
Joe knew the whole story.  I told him.  It was his idea that I come clean.  I mean I wanted to come clean but he gave me a pair of balls, you know what I mean?
Sure.
Come in, Joe -- I want to thank you -- okay, Bill?
It's okay, Quince.  I understand. You've always meant well and I appreciate that.  Sometimes things just turn out -- wrong.
...what can I say after I say that I'm sorry?  I zipped when I should've zagged, I opened my big mouth one too many times, everything got all twisted --
The vodka.  What'd I tell you?
This one.
See.  There.  What'd I tell you?
Yeah, I give a shit.
But he does give a shit.  Don't you, Bill?
No thank you, Quince.  I'm sorry, honey.  I'm no good at this.  Why don't you choose whatever cake you like?
This is great, honey.  The orange. Has it got a little vodka in it? Like that Finnish stuff, orange vodka --  Put your lips around this one, Bill. It's out of this world.
Joe, you don't know how glad I am you're aboard.  Anybody who can take some of the weight off the old man, I'm in his corner.
No, anything is possible.  It's up to Joe.
Yeah.  Or the week after.
Next week?
But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed.  I want to talk to you about them next week.
Thank you, Quince.
...I read you all the way on the Bontecou thing, and I know where you're coming from.  And I'm with you a hundred and one percent.
Bontecou Day.  Going to close with Big John -- Look at you, Bill, all cool as a cat and over at Bontecou's, I'll bet he's shitting in his pants.
How's that, Quince?
I am, this is it.  B Day.
I'm doing great.  You ready?
How're you doing--?
Good morning, Quince.
Hi, Bill --
But we want you back, Bill.  Mean- while, enjoy your party, celebrate, we'll attend to the nasty details. And Mr. Black, may we say thank you.
Well, thank you, that's great, but it's more than I bargained for.  I just wanted to set the record straight.
We're all ears.
I appreciate this, Eddie, members of the Board, this will just take a minute of your time.  As the custo- dians of the company, you may re- ceive information from what follows that is valuable to you --  -- or not.  Either way, thanks.
We're all here, Bill --
Okay, Eddie -- anyway, thanks for the memory.
Sorry, Bill, have a drink, eat your cake, blow out the candles and make a wish.  Talk to you Monday.  Okay?
If you're trying to show me lay- down-in-front-of-the-bus loyalty, forget it.
No, I'm going to stay down here, keep my finger in the dike and maybe by Monday, the waters could recede.
Eddie, hold out all the hope you want but, I promise you, it's hope- less, it's over.  Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this --
The Board's working through the weekend, tying up the loose ends on this damn thing.  But I want to give it one more try, I'm still holding out some hope.
Fine, fine.  Big doing up here.  Why are you still down here?
Yeah - Bill - How are you?  You okay?
Eddie?
I'm going to stick it out here.  We still have a shot.
Yes, the big 'celebration' of my mandatory retirement birthday. You're an honored guest, Eddie.
I still sense some doubt in this group, we could turn it around. You'll be up in the country?
Please, Eddie, no 'Fat Lady Sings" shit.
...It's not over, 'til it's over.
Well said, Eddie.  Mr. Black, shall we?
Why don't we let it rest for the moment?  Give it some air?
The fireworks are about to start.
What was that?
Oh, Dad, you're not old.  You'll never be old.
If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me.
Oh, yes --
I'm still here.  Would you like to dance with me, Susan?
That's why it's okay.
I love you, Daddy --
No -- I love you so much and I want you to promise me something.  I don't want you to ever worry about me.  If anything should happen, I'm going to be fine and everything's going to be all right.  -- And I have no regrets.
Daddy --
I want you to know how much I love you.  That you've given a meaning to my life that I had no right to expect, and that no one can ever take from me.
But what?
Yes, but --
Are you relieved?
I'm sorry.
You were right about Joe, he is going somewhere --
I'm having a helluva time.
What a night.
I don't care if you love him!  I'm telling you he's no good for you!
I love him.
In this case, I can't.  I - uh -- I just can't help you.  I only would tell you -- that with Joe, you are on very, very dangerous ground.
C'mon!  The guy's working with you. You always know chapter and verse about everyone who works --
I don't know, I can't say --
Where's he going?
Susan, I don't think Joe is going to be with us long.
What are you afraid of, Dad?  That I'll fall head over heels for Joe -- well, I have -- as you did with Mom.  That's always been standard, whether you like or not.
You don't know anything about Joe --
Why?  A man appears at your side, almost never leaves it, you clearly trust him, depend on him, I sense you value him deeply, why aren't those things good enough for me?
This is crazy --
Love.  Passion.  Obsession, all those things you told me to wait for.  Well, they've arrived.
I don't understand.
Because I was sitting in a staff meeting, incredibly bored, my mind kept wandering and the only place it landed was -- Joe.
I don't know.
Where is he?
Joe?
Where's Joe?
It's something.
Then what is it?
When you say 'nothing' that way, it's not nothing.
Nothing.
Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten?  What's going on?
I don't think this is the lightning you are looking for.  Drew's a good man.  I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate --
Then what will you say?
I won't say you may be getting onto shaken ground --
Well, remember how you told me about "lightning striking"?  The nature of it's in there somewhere.
What is the nature of your interest in Joe?
Raise away.
Do you mind if I raise a little caution flag?
Yeah, it's good to get together.
That was wonderful.
Will it?...
It'll come back, Daddy.
Cut it out, Susan.  You and I've got to talk.  Big day tomorrow, everybody.  Joe, let's go.
Funny, I don't get that feeling. Maybe it's because you found out I'm Bill Parrish's daughter.
Incidentally, 'Joe' what?
Uh - will that hold you, Joe?
-- This morning.  The Corinth Coffee Shop.  He was looking for a doctor.
What?!
We've met.
You know each other?
Yer damn right.
Well, go get 'em, Pops.
A-Okay.  Got my gloves on, my ears pricked.  I'm ready for action.
Are you okay?
Nothing.
What is it, Daddy --?
Nothing.  I'm sorry.
Daddy, what's the matter?
He doesn't care.  But thanks anyway.
Thank God.
I know.  But I'm the only father you've got.
You're terrible.
You won't tell him, and even if you did, he'd clock it and punch it into his laptop in order to pull out some key phrases when he gives the Commencement Speech at Wharton.
I won't.  And when I tell Drew about it, he won't either.
Stay open.  Who knows?  Lightning could strike.
I'm sorry.  But give it to me again. The short version.
Aw, you're tough.
Bravo.
I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without.  If you don't start with that, what are you going to end up with?  I say fall head over heels.  Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back.  And how do you find him?  Forget your head and listen to your heart.  I'm not hearing any heart.  Run the risk, if you get hurt, you'll come back.  Because, the truth is there is no sense living your life without this.  To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all. You have to try.  Because if you haven't tried, you haven't lived.
'Be deliriously happy'.  I'm going to do my upmost --
Be deliriously happy.  Or at least leave yourself open to be.
That's all?
Well, it worries me.  I want you to get swept away.  I want you to levitate.  I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.
Don't get dirty, Dad --
Oh yes, I am.  Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill, this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
You're not listening --
That's for me.  I'm talking about you.  It's not so much what you say about Drew, it's what you don't say.
So what's wrong with that?
Listen, I'm crazy about the guy -- He's smart, he's aggressive, he could carry Parrish Communications into the 21st century and me along with it.
What were you going to say?
Well, I wasn't going to say that --
And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me.
Susan, you're a hell of a woman. You've got a great career, you're beautiful --
Uh oh --
Don't get carried away.
Probably.
Forget about me and Mom -- are you going to marry him?
You mean like you loved Mom?
Do you love Drew?
I know it's none of my business --
...There's a start for a meeting.
I am.  With you.
I thought you were in a meeting--?
Thank God.  Now could we go?  Let's get this day started.
You're only six-five once.
Not my birthday again?
...Then don't.
I don't like to interfere.
Yeah.  I guess so.
You like him, don't you?
I hope so.
Does Drew tell you everything?
Drew told me.
How did you know?
Will you relax?  I know it is a big deal day --
He wanted to ride back down with you. Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours --
Drew's aboard?
Hi, honey.
Good morning, Dad.
But we've got time.
...We know so little about each other.
Y'didn't?
No --
You said you liked me.
Because I like you so much.  Now I've got to go.
Why not?
Sure, I'll give you the name of a doctor.  ...And I don't want to examine you.
Because I like you so much.  You have coffee here every morning, don't you?  If I came by, could you give me the name of a doctor?
Why?
I've been thinking... I don't want you to be my doctor.  Because I don't want you to examine me.
No, it was so right it scares me.
Did I say something wrong?
I've got to go --
You never know.  Lightning could strike.
You'll have a hard time finding a woman like that these days --
I would.
You'd give up what you want for the woman you marry?
I know what you're saying.  Doesn't pay very well.  Depends on the woman I marry.  Maybe she'd like a bigger house, a better car, lotsa kids, college doesn't come cheap --
'Pro bono'.  That means doing good -- Going to be doing good all your life?
...It's kind of a pro bono job.
And I want to get into my apartment and go to work.  Please, what do you say, another cup of coffee?
I've got patients coming in --
How 'bout another cup of coffee?
Not at all.
-- This is my lucky day.  I arrive in this big bad city and I not only find a doctor, a beautiful woman as well.
Yes, I could.  I have an office in the hospital.
'Her'.
I could be her.
So if I needed a doctor, you could be it?
Me?  Internal medicine.
Everybody's a doctor around here. This apartment house is all green pajamas and slippers.  The guy I'm waiting for to vacate is a doctor. What kind of doctor?
How'd you know?
Damn right.  Looking for her right now.  Who knows?  You might be her.
So you're a one-girl guy?
I'm not trying to sharpshoot you, but that 'nothing lasts' stuff, that's what was the trouble with Honey's guy.  He was fooling around and Honey caught him at it.  One girlfriend wasn't enough for him.
I was just being agreeable, now I've got to explain why?
Why?
I agree --
Nothing lasts.
What's the way?
Nothing to be sorry about.  That's the way with men and women, isn't it?
I'm sorry --
My kid sister.  She just broke up with her boyfriend and she's thinking about dropping out of law school.
You and 'Honey'?
Oh yeah?  What was 'fascinating' about it?
Not at all.  It was fascinating.
Good morning, I was talking kind of loud there, sorry.
