Funny thing, you mentioning money. I was just about to ask your for some...
You're such a doll. I hate money, don't you? God, it's been fun.
Scuse me, hon, fraid I'm only half here. Maybe you oughta run on along. But why don't you take this phone number?
You sure you heard what I said?
Said, a person's gotta make a living.
Beg pardon, ma'am?
Hers'n zodda meg a livig.
Don't know what line Morey's in, but myself now, fact is -- I'm a hustler.
It's up in Central Park, taking a leak. If you hurry, you'll make the supper show. Now get lost.
The Statue of Liberty.
You're hoping to get a look at what?
Beg pardon, ma'am. I'm brand spanking new to this town, come from Houston, Texas, and hoping to get a look at the Statue of Liberty...
I got me two hundred twenty-four bucks of flat folding money...  He know what he can do with that chicken-shit day's pay. And if he ain't man enough to do it for himself, I be happy to oblige!
Ain't gonna collect your pay?
Well, ain't no use hanging around here.
Must be some mess back there.
Men, they mostly faggots.
Yeah?
Lotta rich women back there...
What you gonna do back there, East?
Don't guess. Just come for my day's pay owing and to tell you I'm heading East.
You ain't coming to work?
Why, that's perfectly dreadful. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
No, ma'am, I'm not.
You're not looking for the Statue of Liberty at all.
You sure are a pretty lady.
I'm sorry. I thought you were -- never mind -- I've never actually been there, but let me see, you take the Seventh Avenue subway, I think, to the end of the line...
Joking? No, ma'am. Oh no! I mean business!
Were you looking? About the Statue of Liberty?
I show you what problem --
Gay ends in Y. Fey. You like that -- gay fey -- is that your problem?
Beat your butt, you don't lemme think!
You gonna beat me, Joe?
Cut it out. That's cheating, teasing me so I can't think. Just one bitsy Y word and I gonna beat you!
Y -- what in hell starts with Y?
Okay. Never argue with a man.
M-O-N-Y -- I'm right! That's just exactly how they spell it up there on that big building, bet you could see it from here. M-O-N-Y.
There's an E in MONEY. If that's your word.
Talking helps. Don't talk, you get muddled in your head. Hey! Now you just look at this here!
If you didn't talk so much, maybe you could think more.
What? It's a perfectly good word, ain't it. How much time I got?  Goddam sand thing drive you crazy. Kee-rist. Spelling never was a very strong point with me. Even in school.
That's pretty Freudian, Joe.
I know. Scribbage!
I ain't sleepy.
Maybe we should take a little nap, see what happens?
No. Of course not. Just something struck me funny...
You think I'm lying!
Top drawer. Maybe if you didn't call me ma'am, things would work out better.
Well, that's something never happened to me before, you can bet your bottom dollar. Uh, where's the matches, ma'am?
Sure you're all right?
He's got taxi fare.
What'll we do? Leave now or what? Your place or mine? Oh God, the second I looked at you I knew. Did you?
Yeah, oh yeah.
I can tell, can't you?
Shee-it, you know, I got this thing all figured out, Ratso. I mean Rico. When we get to Miami, what I'll do, I'll go to work. I gotta do that, 'cause see, I ain't no kind of a hustler. I ain't even any goddam good as a bum. I'm a nothing, that's what I am. So reckon I'd better go to work and get me a goddam job. Okay?
Thanks, Joe.
I'm zipping your fly, what the hell you think I'm doing?
Hey, what the hell you doing?
You just -- just -- what happened, you just had a little rest stop wasn't on the schedule.
I'm falling apart, that's funny?
Here I am going to Florida and my leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest hurts, my face hurts, and like that ain't enough, I gotta pee all over myself.
Hell, don't cry about it!
I wet my pants! My seat's all wet.
You're what?
I'm wet.
Hey -- whatsa matter?
Sounds like crap, admit it. And I'm not gonna have it. I'm Rico all the time, okay, do you blame me? That's agreed, okay? We're gonna tell all these new people my name's Rico?
Sounds like they knew you.
I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you?
Keep the goddam blanket on.
I been thinking. I hope we're not gonna have a lotta trouble about my name down there. Because like what's the whole point of this trip anyway?
If you have to shiver, why don't you pull the blanket up more?
Shee-it. You believe all you read?
I read it.
How'n hell a dumb Bronx kid like you know that?
You get your first palm tree in South Carolina.
Yeah.
They gotta be.
These guys're good drivers.
I don't even want you to go. Whaddya think of that? I got other plans for my life than dragging around some dumb cowboy that thinks he's God's gift to women. One twenty-buck trick and he's already the biggest stud in New York City. It's laughable.
Just when everything's going my way, you gotta pull a stunt like this.
I'll find the money. If you just get me on the bus, that's all I ask.
You know what's wrong with you? You got fevers. You kinky as a bedbug. How you gonna get to Florida?
I'm going to Florida, that's my only chance.
Well, just exactly what the hell you think you're gonna do? Die on me?
No doctors. No, sir. Not me. Doctors are like goddam auto mechanics. Fix one-thing, unplug another. Operate for piles and while they're there, they unscrew your liver. My old man, for God's sake, wasn't any sicker'n I am when he went to the doctor.
Okay. Here it is. You gonna go see the doctor. I got nine bucks and twenty more Thursday and I gonna be riding high before you know it. So you gonna get you the best goddam doctor in this town and get yourself straightened out, that's what.
I don't know. Cops. Or the -- how should I know?
Who?
What'll happen. I mean what they do to, you know, do with you -- if you can't -- ah, Christ!
What of?
I'm scared.
And what?
Well, I don't think I can walk.  I mean, I been falling down a lot and, uh...
Yeah.
But thanks.  Hey, Joe, don't get sore about this or anything. You promise?
You couldn't lift fly specks from a sugar bowl. Can you hold this?
No. But while you was buying the underwear, I could have lifted the socks.
They wrong?
Walk? Naturally I can walk.
Well, if you're awright, why you hanging on the bannister. Can you walk or not?
Twenty bucks...
Tell her, Ratso.
Rico. Rico Rizzo.
Well, I made it. This here is Ratso Rizzo and I...
Few dozen cooties won't kill me, don't guess.
Don't need a comb.
You got a comb?
Well, what the hell, I got nothing better to do.
But they picked me, right? So what I'll do, I'll just say, now look, you want me? Well, I don't go nowhere without my buddy here.
Don't say nothing about you either.
Did I say that? Did I?  It don't say nothing about you...
What you're driving at, you want me to get lost so you can go to your fancy-ass party.
Now I'm here. I'm in New York City. Getting picked for things. Don't you see what I'm driving at?
Yeah, well, so?
Well, this thought just struck me. It wasn't too long ago I was washing dishes way the hell somewhere in Texas.
He can't read. Even dumber than you. Couldn't write his own name. X -- that's what it ought to say there on that goddam headstone. One big lousy X like our flat. Condemned. By order of City Hall.
Well, uh, he dam well know he ain't 'be-loved Aunt Winifred'.
Can he smell the difference, eh?
Respect shee-it! You even steal flowers for his grave.
The name's Rico, at my own father's grave, a man deserves some respect.
Kee-rist, you sure are one twisty little bastard, Ratso.
You wanna know the truth? You dumb bastard, I got it for you. Look at it. Goddam thing's ten sizes too big for me.
Forty-second Street. Where'n hell you think it come from?
Where'd that come from?
Who'd you ever do a favor for? You just let some poor bastard freeze to death, wouldn't you?
The coat? A guy I did a favor once gave it to me. Christ.
Shee-it. Cough yourself inside out, then light a fag, a goddam fag. You make me puke. Where'd you steal it? In the movies?
What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make a cowboy outta you, kid. How about that? Build you up a little, teach you couple little tricks'n turn y'out to stud, Rat-stuff.
Not bad -- for a cowboy -- you're okay, you're okay.
Don't rush me. How I do it, see, I get myself primed, like I was turning on the charm for some pretty little blonde lady, then kinda mosey away slow and easy and - swing around! -- and there you are, you handsome devil.
You like it? Take a look.
Kee-rist, you pretty damn clever for a skimpy little gimp.
And end up a hunchback like my old man? You think I'm crippled? You shoulda caught him the end of a day.
Hey, you're good! I bet you could pick up a living at this if you tried.
Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage all that crap, or else he gonna get a coconut up his flue.
You ain't got a chance in hell. You need threads and glitter, baby. A front, hey?
You talk like a man with a tin twat.
Look at yourself, Joe, no offense, but frankly, you're beginning to smell. For a stud in this town that's a handicap.
What's all this sweet talk about Florida? Your friend O'Daniel got a stable down there now?
Miami Beach is the only place for a real hustler. Florida has more rich chicks per square yard than any resort spot in the world. They lie out in their pagodas and pergolas waiting to grab the first jockstrap that passes.
I think finding you's the smartest thing I ever did, for both of us. You just the crooked kinda sneaky little sidewinder I need to get me hustling in this town. Hey!
In Florida, they come smooth, ready to eat. Down there, your only problem is, diet-wise, you gotta lift an arm to wipe warm milk off your chin. Tough, hey?
I been sick. Hold this, will ya?
This is an okay setup you got here, but I'd say you ain't just exactly, uh, flush, is that right or not?
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk. That's a known fact. If I can find the goddam hole the milk squirts out.
Rico! Rico! Rico! Is that enough?  And keep your meat hooks off my radio.
Rico then, at least call me Rico in my own goddam place.
Shee-it, man, I can't say all that.
Joe -- do me one favor -- this is my place, am I wrong? You know, in my own place my name ain't Ratso. I mean it so happens my name is Enrico Salvatore Rizzo.
So if you want me to hang around for a few days, I thought you should know.
I'm impressed. You're a killer.
Well, I hope you know what you're in for. I'm a very dangerous person. Someone does me bad like you. If I caught up with you that night, there'd be one dead Ratso long about now. Hear?
I want you to stay, okay? I goddam invited you, didn't I?
Oh. Guess I got the wrong impression.
I ain't forcing you, like, I mean, who's forcing you?
You want me to stay here tonight, is that the idea?
Well now, Ratso, I'm gonna tell you something for your own good, only first gimme a cigarette.
I drug in a cot, if you want to stay.
So you could sleep! I mean Christ!
What for?
What's that supposed to mean?
You don't seem like no fag...
Whatsa matter now?
Smart thing for me to do is haul ass outta here.
You inviting shee-it.
I'm inviting you. I mean if you're not located, I got a place. I'm inviting you, goddamit.
Listen, keep away from me, hear? You come near me again, I snatch you bald-headed!
Okay, right, right, okay. Another subject. Where you living? Still at the hotel?
You want some free medical advice, shut your goddam mouth about that night.
It's sticky. What you do, slobber on 'em? I wouldn't touch 'em.
You keep the sixty-four cents. I want you to have it.
Not a cent, I swear to God, I swear on my mother's eyes.
What's in your socks?
I mean, dammit, where you live?
Forget it.
Now take it. Go on.  Listen, where can I reach you? Cause I'm gonna make this right with you soon's I get me set up...
Oh hell, forget it.
Ten, ten -- I got a twenty -- take that...
Let's see how you look. Fine. You look fine. Now I'm gonna have to have that other ten...
Hold it, just hold it. You think I'm that kinda sombitch? Just name your cut, whatever you want, you got it right now. Five? Ten, how's that?
Tomorrow when some piece like that's scratching your back in a Fifth Avenue townhouse, where'll your pal Rizzo be? Nedicks.
Well, Joe, you're a nice guy, and I'd be doing you both a favor, but why? What'm I dragging my bum leg all over town for? It's no picnic and what for, for me myself, what?
Hey, listen, how about you take me to mee this Mister O'Diddle bird right now?
My friend O'Daniel. That's who you need. Operates the biggest stable in town. In the whole goddam metropolitan area. A stud like you - paying! -- not that I blame you -- a dame starts crying, I cut my heart for her...
I think you just put your finger on it, I do.
How would I know? You gotta tell a person these things  A hustler? Picking up trade on the street like that -- baby, believe me -- you need management.
I'm a hustler, hell, didn't you know that?
For money for what?
For money.
For what?
... you see what I'm getting at here? She got a penthouse up there with color TV and more goddam diamonds than an archbishop and she busts out bawling when I ask for money!
Same all around! For my friend, too!
Enrico Rizzo from the Bronx. Don't mind if I do.
Shee-it...  Kee-rist, you really know the ropes. Wish to hell I bumped into you before. I'm Joe Buck from Texas and I'm gonna buy you a drink, what do you say to that?
Oh, it ain't cheap. I mean, yeah, I'd say this was an all right shirt. Don't like to, uh, you know, have a lot of cheap stuff on my back.
That is one hell of a shirt. I bet you paid a pretty price for it, am I right?
You're wasting your time. There's nothing in there.
Get outta my way.
I simply don't have it, Joe.
I gotta have more'n ten. I gotta have fifty-seven dollars.
Here. Don't even thank me.
Oh. Yes. Of course. I should have thought. You shouldn't have to ask. That was thoughtless of me. Yes. Wait here...
Listen, I gotta have money.
This is terrible. I meet someone who -- then -- wait, I want to give you a present. For your trip. You'll let me please...
I'm going to Florida.
No, yes. No, I mean yes please go. Help me to be good. Come back tomorrow. Promise.
You want me to leave?
Oh, difficult, it's so difficult. You're a nice person, Joe -- I should never have asked you up -- a lovely person. Oh, how I loathe life. I loathe it. Please go. Please.
What you got me up here for?
What?
What d'you want?
What?
Sometimes it seems to me time stopped twenty years ago. There was this war, there was this handsome young man with quite black hair and he was supposed to die. But he didn't. Isn't that amusing?
It's so exciting. New York. The mad forward thrust of everything. My sense of time here is completely altered.
Gin's okay.
A drink? I've got some nice gin. If you'd prefer something else, they'll send it up...
Right here, why not? I prayed in saloons, I prayed in the street, I prayed an the toilet. He don't care where, what He wants is that prayer.
Get down -- where?
You're a wonderful boy. You'n me gonna have fun, dammit, it don't have to be joyless. Say, why don't we get right down on our knees now?
Money from home, see, there's your strength, you put things in earthy terms any man can understand, son. I warn you I'm gonna use you, I'm gonna run you ragged!
Gonna be like money from home.
I got a hunch, Joe Buck, it's gonna be easier for you than most.
Ready for anything.
Ready for hard work, son?
Uh, yessir.
Yes, I believe you are. Cowboy, huh?
Well, uh, I'm raring to go.
Lonesomeness is something you take. You bear? Dammit, you take it and go about your business, that's all.
Yessir, I can see that.
I'm lonesome. I'm lonesome so I'm a drunk. I'm lonesome so I'm a dope fiend. I'm lonesome so I'm a thief, a fornicator, a whore-monger. Poop, I say, poop! I've heard it all and I'm sick of it, sick to death.
Well, not too, I mean, a little.
But I'll bet you got one thing in common with them other boys. I'll bet you're lonesome.
You bet I do, sir.
Take it,easy, boy...  Seems to me you're different than a lotta boys that come to me. Most of 'em seem troubled, confused, but I'd say you knew exactly what you want.
No sir, I'm no cowboy really, but I'm a first class stud.
Am I tickled to find you, boy! Come on in and let's get a look at you. Turn around. Good strong back. You'll need it. So you want help -- take a seat, relax, tell me about yourself. Cowboy, huh?
No. You got it.
You got it.
Big peni-goddam-cillin bargain, right?
This Pensacola teeny-bopper -- jail bait -- but built? Ten bucks she wanted. Three of us made a deal for, twenty-five, see, big goddam bargain?
Instant V-goddam-D.
Ever stationed at Kennedy? Those Florida chicks...
Is he all right!
He fell. Hey, fella, you fell. Is he all right?
I agree. And for that service I charge one dollar taxi fare.
Get lost.
... and taxi fare for me.
Sold. Let's go.
Who's he? Oh God! Don't tell me you two are a couple -- ?
You really want to do business?
