No, I gotta go to the cemetery, keep your head up. Don't look at the ball, look at me.
Wanna play?
I like to buy off all the railroads.
Once you put the hotels on board walk and Park Place he puts a shoe in your way.
Good for you baby.
I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday.
Vada!!
Arthur!!
Well, sometimes when we get 'em, they're not completely dead, you know, like when they cut a chickens head off and it still runs around crazy.
Of what??
All right, here.
You're such a baby.
How do I know you were gonna show us one?
Hey, you didn't pay me!
Leave him alone! Come on, let's go.
Yeah, to play with his DOLLS.
Oh really, okay fine look, go cook,  Gimme the goddam keys.
It's her home! It's where she lives!!
Oh.. Oh.. Oh no?? Oh?
This guy bonking you?
Okay, I know you've suffered a terrible loss, and there's really nothing anyone can do to comfort you, but I urge you to focus on the times you had with the camper, the trips you took, the sights you saw, those days are gone now, but they'll live on in your heart forever.
WHAT?
Danny?
Can't stay, I'm just here because my wife.....
Uhh, it's nice to meet ya. Uhh, we got burgers and hot dogs here if you'd care to join us?
My __EX__ wife seems to have ripped off my camper.
Ex...ex, ex...
Vada Sultenfuss?? Tough break.
This is Harry, Phil, Grammoo and Vada Sultenfuss...
Yeah, all right...
God I guess i'll have to introduce you now.
I'm impressed.
The boss is watching us...
What?
Keep your voice down!
Excuse me, MUTUAL ASSET, that's what the lawyer said, it's supposed to be &quot;OUR MUTUAL ASSET&quot;, not &quot;Shelly's recreational vehicle&quot;. Gimme the keys.
I've been living in it for over a year, the camper is mine.
You told everybody where you were going, I'm here for the motor home.
Hi Ralph. Oh Danny, how'd you find me here?
What am I doing here????? What am I doing here?
The bee stings! I can't breathe!
What Hurts Vada?
It hurts, it hurts so bad, make it stop.
Oh, wait relax now, let me look, let me look, come up here and we'll have a look.
I can't breathe, I'm suffocating.
Vada, what's wrong sweetheart?
Dr. Welty!!!? Dr. Welty??
Vada there is no chicken bone stuck in your throat.
It's there.
No.
Can't you see it?
Vada you've gotta stop this, there's absolutely nothing wrong with you!
Yes.
Sweetheart, did they bring Mr. Layton to your house today?
That can't be, I have all the classic symptoms.
You are perfectly healthy.
I'm not asking you to stop feeling for those people. But life isn't just death Harry, don't ignore the living, especially your daughter.
Yeah, and when those suppers are disrupted because there's a car crash, or there's a fire, or a little boy steps on a beehive.
Stop hiding Harry, you run Harry. When I first came here, the idea of working with dead people, didn't exactly thrill me, but when I saw a family lived here, I thought, &quot;if I'm living without a family, at least I can work with one, and maybe once in a while i'll be invited in for supper.&quot;
I know that, but what do you want from me?
Open your eyes, she's eleven years old! Her only friend in the world is dead.
I don't know which ball's mine.
Perfect.
Watch you don't knock out a fish.
I would never marry anybody I didn't love.
Did you ahh, love him?
Pointing upwards Look...
Yep, there they are... They always look the same every year...
You can get the general idea...
Can we see it from the back yard?
Is it really your camper?
Well, you were pretty great!
Look, you're not gonna take Shelly's camper.
Danny that's a real _bonehead_ thing to say!
Honestly Harry, he got the mustang, I promise.....
Shelly?
I'll second that.
Rub a dub dub, thanks for the grub, yay God.
Okay.
How's it going chef?
Really?
You know this is gonna be my first 4th of July picnic in a long time.
I'm looking forward to that.
It's for Shelly's famous potato salad.
Not at all. Lot of potatoes!
Yeah, me too, mind if I tag along?
I'm just picking some things up for the barbecue.
Goodnight.
I'm tired of bingo, maybe we should try that drive in of yours.
Goodnight.
Goodnight Shelly.
It's only eight o'clock.
I ahh, better go.
Good.
Yes.
Kiss me.
Want to what?
Do you want to?
Old Spice, Phil says it's a timeless classic.
What are you wearing?
At Widdman High I was considered a pretty hot date, I did a killer frugue.
See, you're not that out of touch.  You're good.
Rock?
In ages, I know, me neither.
I haven't danced in.....
Is there enough room?
This is where we are.
Here?
Dance with me?
I brought the baby into the room a couple of times, she opened her eyes, yeah, yeah I think she saw Vada. It was.....
Did she ever see Vada?
Ahh, complications during child birth, she died two days after Vada was born.
What happened to her?
Oh, that was Phil, trying to give me advice on dating 70's women. Look I'm so out of touch, I haven't dated women in ages, not since my wife died.
I don't know, tonight you just seemed a little cool, not opening car doors and...
No, why?
Are you mad at me?
Yeah.
You can look in the bathroom if you want. People are always curious about that, like what happens when you flush.
Well it certainly looks bigger that it seems.
I did it myself. I read a magazine article about how to maximize small spaces.
It's nice.
Home sweet home.
Okay, sure.
Would you like to come in and see my house? Just for a minute.
I haven't had a bingo partner in ages.
I had a good time tonight.
You can be in a room with 100 men, and not like any of them, or you can be in a room with just one man, and he's exactly the one you want.
Oh, how do you mean?
Kinda like men.
Look, it's not always luck, I mean, depending upon the placement of the numbers, a guy with 10 cards could win just as easily as a guy with 100.
Oh, I'm just not lucky Harry.
Why d'you think these seats were empty.
I'm gonna be putting makeup on some of these people very soon.
What's that?
I just had a terrible thought Harry.
No. Just, more activity.
Does it make it easier to win?
Okay.
I do enjoy playing bingo, if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to.
I love going to movies, especially at the drive in. I don't think there's anything more romantic than going to the drive in.  I'll let you get back to work.
I haven't been to the movies in AGES.
You have to learn how to take a complement.  Movies, movies, ahhhh, &quot;Love Story&quot; at the drive in, I cried my eyes out, did you see it?
It's no big deal.
In lieu... &quot;instead&quot;.... No contest.
I prefer it to &quot;instead&quot;, it has more dignity.
Oh it's good, &quot;In lieu of&quot; I love that word lieu.
No kidding?
I wrote that.
Oh right, right, . Bader Lorenzo Died June 22 1972 Devoted husband to Nicolette. Cherished father of Babritzio and Heidi, In lieu of flowers, please send donations to the holy names society.
Oh, I'm just typing up a funeral notice, you know when someone dies people want it in the paper usually, it's a service we provide for the family.
Nothing, I was just wondering what you were doing.
Oh Hi, what can I do for you?
Hi.
I'm sure she will.
After my wife died, Grammoo moved in here to help take care of Vada. They were very close, but lately as her mind's been wandering more and more, Vada's been acting kinda crazy. I'm sure she'll snap out of it though.
I shouldn't stick my nose in other people's business. It's just that I like Vada, very much.
Thanks, listen I wanna apologize for the other day downstairs, about Vada, I was a little harsh.
Excuse me Harry, I'm sorry, I just wanna let you know that the flowers were delivered. And the room's all set up.
Can not do without, Harry's wild about me.
She's a perfectly happy eleven year old girl, look, don't give me any advice about my daughter, okay?
Harry, I really think she.....
She was raised in a funeral home, she knows a thing or two about it.
I don't think so, I think she's confused about death.
Oh that, she just likes to play.
Well the other night at dinner...
What do you mean??
Harry?  I was just wondering, if there is anything wrong with Vada.
That wasn't an image. She WAS an old school Marm.  Fix it.
I just wanted to get past this &quot;old school Marm&quot; image.
She did. This photo was taken a month ago at the church food drive.
I think she looks nice! Her lips are very thin so I used the gloss to give them a more sensual quality, and her eyes just needed a little definition, and her hair, I'm sorry, nobody wears this hairdo anymore in 1972.
This was the Reverend Porter's wife, you have her looking like a two dollar hooker.
You don't like it?
Yeah.
Could you take a look at Mrs. Porter?
Uh huh?
I promise i'll take good care of these people, they deserve it, they're dead, all they've got left is their looks.
Great, you can start right away. Call me Harry. Now, umm, is this what you'd normally wear for work? Don't get me wrong, I like it, very much, but the....
Okay Mr. Sultenfuss, you got a deal.
You'd be doing hair and makeup and answering the phone.
Ohh, oh sure it's no big deal, you see all my former clients will eventually die, and all your clients used to be alive, so they have something in common.
Oh, You still want it? Even though uhh...
I need the job.
Pardon?
Excuse me, what about the job?
The add just said &quot;Makeup Artist&quot;
Deceased.
Stiffs??
Yes they are.
They're dead?
Uhh, Miss devoto, these people are already at ease. This is not a Beauty Parlor, it's a Funeral Parlor.
I have a wonderful disposition, I put people right at ease.
Uhh, Miss devoto...
I'm a licensed cosmetologist, I worked for two years, at the &quot;Dino Raphael&quot; Salon, all my customers cried when I told them I was leaving.
I think it's still available.
It's still available I hope?
That's good, memories are good sweetheart. Vada, I'm sorry; I was trying to keep it from you, I just couldn't. You're a good girl, and I want you to be happy; don't be an old grump like me.  Seeya in the morning.
I think every time I see a climbing tree i'll think of Thomas J.
Yes, I did, very much for a long time, and even now, I get a little sad when I think of a pretty flower or a sunset that your mother would have liked.
Do you miss her?
Uh huh. You know what your mother did when she found out she was gonna have you? She came home and painted this whole room pink. She was so sure she was gonna have a little girl.
Really?
She was pretty, and kind, she had your eyes. Oh boy did she love to laugh. Sometimes when you laugh, you sound just like her.
What was my mama like?
Ahh, that little Chevy was your mothers favorite car.
In the garage.
I forgot about that picture, where did you find it?
I found this.
No, no.
The bees killed Thomas J, and I killed my mother.
What??
Did I kill my mother?
Get away, get away!!
He's gone sweetheart. He's gone!
There were just too many of 'em.
He's okay isn't he?
He was allergic to bees.
Why not?
No sweetheart, you can't.
Maybe I should go over and yell at him.
I told him not to tease those bees. Did he get stung?
Vada, something happened to Thomas J last night, he stepped on a beehive.
He's getting big.  Vada, come here and sit down for a minute.
Yes.
Is that the fish you won at the carnival?
Feeding my fish.
What are you doing.
Hi.
Hi Vada.
I'll ride on the bumper cars with you!
I fall asleep at the wheel.
Not acknowledging Harry's comment You'll be okay little fish.
We're having the wedding sometime near the end of the summer.
I know, I know, let's go on the &quot;sit on the bench and rest&quot; ride.
I like the freak show.
Hey guess what? We're going to the carnival tonight, be ready to go in 10 minutes.
Yes..
In a minute, look it's hot, sweetie you'll burn your nose, look out.
When??
Soon honey, soon.
When?
No, sweetie, not yet.
Are they ready yet?
Ahh, Vada, just put anything you want in the cart, anything at all.  I don't know what's gotten into her today.
Dad, didn't you say you needed prunes REAL bad?
Sorry.
HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing.
Naah, I think you'd better stay here and keep Grammoo company.
Can I go too?
She likes to play bingo.
Why?
Well Shelly's coming over, we're gonna go together.
You never cared before.
Ahh, I just wanna look nice.
Dad, why are you dressed up to go to bingo?
Goodnight Vada.
Ahh, maybe next summer.
The money?
What?
Dad??
I love this guy! 
Dad?
Last month you wanted to play the violin. Then you wanted to be a ventriloquist.
Shelly thinks I'd be a good writer.
Any more soda left?
It's for school, for summer writing class.
That's a lot of money for a little girl.
Daddy, can I have thirty five dollars?
Then who's it for?
Of course not.
Is it for a child?
They come in all sizes honey, just like shoes.
Daddy, how come that coffin's so small?
I'm embalming my high school teacher, don't sing.  All right Arthur, just a slide of the needle..... 
Dad?
VADA!
Hand me the canula.
Cruella deville stole all the puppies, she was gonna make a fur out of 'em!
Vada, we're trying to work here.
Ya, that rack holds six ties.
Daddy guess what I beat Thomas J in monopoly yesterday.
Vada, just put 'em on the stool.
Ahem.
O.K. Sweetie, hand me the mayonnaise out of the fridge.
I was born jaundiced. Once I sat on a toilet seat at a Truck stop and caught hemorrhoids. And i've learned to live with this chicken Bone that's been lodged in my throat for the past three years, so I knew Dad would be devastated when he learned of my latest affliction.  Dad, I don't wanna upset you, but my left breast is developing at a significantly faster rate than my right. It can only mean one thing.  Cancer.  I'm dying.
Look if you think you know how, why don't you pre-measure the briquettes in little packages, put out a product, support me for a while!
No, no no....
That's what I do. Do you wanna do it??
Harry Harry Harry Harry Harry, I told you to use fewer briquettes and now look what you've done. You've cremated them.
Like a Sultenfuss. Go get 'em.
No, she's just driving over here, then we're taking my car. How do I look?
Oh she's picking you up, good you're on the right track.
Oh, I'm running late. Shelly'll be here any minute.
Did you not tell Vada I'm a womanizer huh?
Are you sure about all this?
Harry, I'm serious, trust me Harry this woman's lifting us in, you gotta treat her like every Tom Dick and Harry.
Oh come on.
That's true. Harry Harry sit down, let me fill you in on today's women, since the last time you dated, something happened, &quot;The Sexual Revolution&quot;, now before that, you used to have to hold a door open for a woman, pull her chair out, pick up the check, no more no more, you wanna know what else is missing? BRAS!
The last date I had was twenty years ago.
Why?
I'm very nervous.
Oh yes, oh that's great.
Oh, you're dressing, uh huh, Harry Harry Harry Harry, don't you know it's not nice to lie to your big brother?
Nothing, I'm dressing.
Well well well, what's going on in here?
Bye.
Thank you. Bye.
Sure.
Will you tell her I came by?
Well maybe she'll feel better in a couple of days.
Oh, I'm Judy, I go to school with her, I wanted to tell her I'm sorry about Thomas J.
Yes she is, but she's very upset, so she's not seeing anyone.
Hi, is Vada home?
Hi.
Weeping willow with your tears running down, Why do you always weep and frown, Is it because he left you one day, Is it because he could not stay, On your branches he would swing, Do you long for the happiness that they would bring, He found shelter in your shade, He thought his laughter would never fade, Weeping willow stop your tears, There is something to calm your fears, You think death as if you forever part, But I know he'll always be in your heart.
We'd love to hear it.
I can't stay, I just came to read my poem.
Get away from me!
I...I was gonna bring her to class next week. I wanted to hear your poem. Oh Vada, please honey I cared for him too, Vada please! Vada, Vada sweetheart don't.....
No....
That's Suzanne.  She and I are gonna be married this Fall.
Who's that?
No he wouldn't, I can't go home.
Pause as he takes all this in I think your Dad would miss you.
I love you like my Dad loves Shelly. I wanna live here.
Oh, Vada...
Mr. Bixler,  I love you.
Come here, sit down over here.
Justin and Ronda say that I should tell people what I feel.
Okay, okay we don't have to talk about him, Vada, Vada we don't have to talk about him, it's okay. We won't talk about him all right?
Loads of ice-cream by Vada Sultenfuss I like ice-cream a whole lot, It tastes good when days are hot, On a cone or in a dish, This would be my only wish, Vanilla, chocolate or rocky road, Even with pie a la mode.
Please.
I wrote a poem too.
Uhhh, va, uhh, Vada.
Vada, this is an adult writing class.
Uh huh, I wanna be a writer.
For this class?
I paid the money.
It's summer! You're kids! Go play!
No. Well, guess i'll go home and finish off War &amp; Peace.
Me, two hours a week, talking about poetry. This an interrogation Vada?
What do you get for that?
Thirty five dollars.
How much does it cost?
Well I'm gonna teach creative writing this summer, so, I'm doing some work.
How are you gonna get the money for this old house if you're not working?
Well, you never can tell...  I might get a pet. 
This is one big house for one single person.
Well I just bought it, now I'm fixing it up.
Mr. Bixler, how come you're painting this old house?
No wonder you're my prize pupil. What about you Thomas J?
Yes, and now I'm reading War &amp; Peace for fun.
Really? Already? The summer's just begun.
It's okay. Mr. Bixler, I finished all the books for summer reading.
Mademoiselle Sultenfuss and the amazing Dr. J! How's the summer treating you?
You know what I think? I think Vada's very lucky to have a friend like you.
Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared.
Why do you think she says that?
No.
Do you think she is?
Cause she's dying.
Oh yes, yes.
Cool, can I get one for Vada?
So you fill it with water like this, and what have you got? A water gun.
Well he wasn't one of the Marx brothers, but he made me laugh.
My Dad was funny?
Now when I see him with Shelly, sometimes he seems like the old Harry.
Really?
After your mother died, he was sad all the time, but before that, he was pretty funny.
Why?
Yes I do, and I think she's very good for your father.
Do you like her?
Probably.
Does he love her?
He likes her.
He must like Shelly, I never saw him hit anyone in his life.
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Okay, get in to bed.
I will I promise.
I'll tell you what, you dedicate your first book to me, and we'll forget about the whole thing.
I'll pay it back, besides, I don't think i'll ever go to class again.
It's okay sweetheart.
Believe me, some day, you'll feel differently.
I think it should be outlawed.
It's actually a very beautiful thing, and look there wouldn't have been a Vada.
My Mommy and Daddy did THAT?
It's okay, come on upstairs, we have to have a little talk.
I'm eleven and a half.
How old are you?
I don't want, I don't need your help....
What do you mean you're hemorrhaging?
I'm hemorrhaging.
Well he just left, what's wrong?
Where's Daddy?
Vada, Vada, what's the matter?
Daddy??!?!?!
Yes!!
NO!
NO!, He's fine.  Fish are very resilient animals you know. Don't worry, I won't get another fish.
Vada? Would you like us to get you another goldfish?
Oh great!!
I won, I won!!!
Well, I'm no doctor. All I know is, the next day they had really high fevers, and their faces got very fat. They baffled medical science, they were in a magazine.
Nephritis? It's a kidney disease, you don't get it from hot dogs.
I don't think that that roller coaster agreed with your bad stomach. You know Vada you have to watch what you eat here, I remember one time I went to a carnival with my cousins David and Frank, and they both ate hot dogs, and the next day they came down with nephritis.
Are you here to take Shelly back?
This is Danny and Ralph, they own the Dino Raphael salon in Detroit.  We used to be married.
I like my name.
See food!
Uh huh, why?
Hey Shelly, like seafood?
Hi.
Hey, I thought I recognized you two, hi Vada.
Aarrggh.
Ssshhhhh, I don't want them to see me.
Uh huh, i've been trying to get out to Hollywood for years to do makeup for all the stars, I haven't gotten there yet.  All right, open your eyes.
Do you like putting makeup on people?
They'll come around. Close your eyes, I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in them. The first rule in applying eye makeup, is you can never wear enough blue eye shadow.
The boys at school don't think I am.
Yes, Vada I think you're very pretty. You've got these great big sparkling eyes, the cutest little nose, an amazing mouth.
Shelly, do you think I'm pretty?
Come here, sit down.
No.
Have you ever tried any?
I think lipstick looks fake, no-ones lips are that color.
A girl's always gotta look her best.
So how come you're putting lipstick on?
No.
Are you going out somewhere?
Okay.
You don't have to wait, daddy'll be mad if you're late.
Sure.
Can I use your bathroom first?
Bye. Well Miss Vada, what d'you say we head back?
Well, sometimes married people just find out they can't live with each other.
Daddy said it's bad when people get divorced.
No, I'm divorced.
Are you married?
Mostly love, and romance.
What are they about?
Uh huh.
Did you read ALL these books?
Thomas?
I would.
Ohh, right. Would you like a soda?
Big Ringo fan.
Sure. I'll give you the royal tour.
Can we look around in your camper?
Hi.
Come on sweetie.
My ball, I lost my ball.
Vada? VADA?? What happened??
Well you don't know that. Ask him.
He won't give it to me.
I think you'd make a fine writer, did you ask your Dad?
Shut your big fat mouth!
I don't think so.  Shelly, how can I get thirty five dollars?
Maybe black means you're happy?
It's a mood ring, it tells what mood I'm in.
Ooh, that's a pretty ring you're wearing.
Chocolate?
He's allergic to everything.
I'm not upset. I will never play with those girls. I only surround myself with people who I find intellectually stimulating.
You know Vada, you shouldn't let those girls upset you.
I am.
Who's winning?
Oh.
She's shy.
That's really cool.
Yes it is.
Is that your camper?
Hey there's your Dad and Shelly.
Oh great!
Nothing in particular, just putting it away for a rainy day.
What are you saving for?
Well, I guess you found my secret hiding place.
They're just fun to read.
Eeeeuuuww, gross.
Liverpool?
I'm gonna drive us to Liverpool.
Uh huh.
Wow, this is the coolest thing, like you really eat and sleep here?
To chocolate?
I'm allergic to it.
Thomas J?
Well if you don't get to marry Mr. Bixler.
For what?
Would you think of me?
What?
Okay, seeya.  Vada?
Seeya tomorrow.
Okay.
Well, let's spit on it.
You better not either.
Just, hurry.
Umm, Ummmmm
Say something it's too quiet.
Okay on the count of three.
Okay, okay.
Just do it.
But then I won't be able to see anything.
Close your eyes.
Uh huh.  Okay, enough practice.
Like this?
Here, practice on your arm like this.
But, I don't know how.
Maybe we should, just to see what's the big deal.
No.
Uh huh.
Like they do on TV?
Have you ever kissed anyone?
Not true.
Yes it is, cause then he'll give you all A's and it won't be fair.
It is not.
You can't marry a teacher, it's against the law.
I'm gonna marry Mr. Bixler.
Well when you get older, you just have to.
Please, it's real hot, maybe we can go swimming?
I dunno..
Hi Vada, can you come out?
Oh, that's probably Thomas J, I don't wanna see him. It's not fair. Nothing happens to boys.
Okay, seeya.
No, I'm hiding out.
You can come to my house for dinner?
Leave then, some friend you are.
I have to anyway, my mom will be worried.
Then go home, baby.
I'm hungry, I can't last any longer.
He likes her better than me.
I do, she's real funny.
I don't like her.
So now you'll have a mother.
They're getting married?
You're such a retard, it was an engagement ring.
Wow, was it a decoder ring?
My Dad gave Shelly a ring.
Why are you running away?
I'm tired of running away. Besides, we past this place two times already. We're not getting nowhere.
Get up!?
Really?
No, you can't, they have enough kids, you'll have to live with the Partridge Family.
I wanna live with them too.
California, I'm going to Hollywood to live with the Brady Bunch.
Bye Ma.
Bye Mrs. Sennett.
Come on, let's go.
Sure.
Hi, wanna ride bikes?
Hi Vada.
Do it!
But I have my clothes on!
Jump in the water!!
Hurry!!!
I am running faster!!
Run faster they're after us!!
My mood ring! It fell off! I gotta find it!
Got it!
For their meat.
What do you want it for anyway?
You're right, let's knock it down.
Are you crazy, you'll get stung!!
Stand back.
So?
Pointing There's a beehive right there!
What?
Woah!!
HEY YOU!!!!  I'm gonna get you!!!  I'll get you!!!!
THIS!! 
What?
Hey Vada, guess what we got?
You know I'm not allowed outside my myself after dark.
Go???
Can we go yet?
Duck!
Watch bingo? I don't even like to play bingo.
We're not gonna bet, we're just gonna watch.
They're not gonna let us in Vada, we're kids.
I stopped that!
Bed wetter!
I am not.
Pacifist!
I told you i'll get in trouble.
Let's go to the church, they're playing bingo tonight.
What do you want? My mom will skin me alive if she finds I'm out here.
Sorry.
Don't DO that!!
Here.
That doesn't sound so bad, come on, we'll never find that streamer.
It doesn't matter, 'cause they're not regular horses, they got wings, and it's no big deal if you fall, you just land in cloud.
But, what if you're afraid to ride horses?
I think, everybody gets their own white horse, and all they do is ride and eat marshmallows all day, and everybody's best friends with everybody else, when you play sports, there's no teams, so nobody gets picked last.
Heaven.
What?
What do you think it's like?
No. Grammoo said she's in heaven.
Do you remember her?
It's my mother.
Who's that with your Dad?
Yes.
Is that your Dad?
Never mind.
Hey, where does it say that?
You have no personality.
What?
Hmmmm, interesting.
Come on, it's fun.
No, I don't wanna.
That was Grammoo's. It's a phrenology chart, they used to study the bumps in your head to see if you had a good personality or not. Come here, i'll diagnose your head.
Hey look at this!
Oh, in the garage. Walk me over.
Where's your bike?
A girl can never wear enough eye shadow.
What's wrong with your eyes?
No.
Your lip bleeding?
Okay, OW!
Uh huh.
If I do it, can we go?
It'll bleed.
It's a mosquito bite.
You could pick that scab on your arm.
Naah, I don't wanna.
Hey, we can become blood brothers.
Yeah he got away. Come on let's go.
I don't like touching fish, how do you pull the hook out without touching it?
Reel it in.  He's only tiny, throw him back.
I'm trying.
Hurry!
Oh no!  UUH.
Big deal, I can do that too.  Thomas J, you got something!
I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up.
Maybe they had a big breakfast.
She only wants to do it because her sweetie pie's the teacher.
It's not a real school, it's a writing class, I wanna be a writer.
She's crazy, she wants to go to school over the summer.
It's only black when you're around 'cause you put me in a bad mood.
It doesn't work, it always stays black. 
Dinner time?? You're like a dog! You just go home to eat.
Why? It's not dinner time yet.
No, I'm going home.
Hi Mr. Bixler!
I don't wanna talk to a teacher, it's summer!
That's Mr. Bixler, let's go talk to him.
At what?
Oh wow, a real evil canieval.
Hey look at this, no feet!
I can't, I have to go home.
I knew he wouldn't come.
