What...
Thank you. Grace, there is one other thing...
Yes, you are.
That means his hands are considered a weapon like a gun or a knife. Am I correct on that point?
Yes, they were.
Point of fact, weren't Tim's hands registered as lethal weapons?
Yes, I would.
So, I think it would be safe to say that anybody who studied the fighting style that Bruce Lee, arguably the greatest martial artist of all times, developed for nine years, that would be a fella who could defend himself. Would you describe Tim that way, Grace?
That's what Tim said.
Now, while I freely admit total ignorance on the subject, I have heard of Bruce Lee. And I was under the impression that Bruce Lee was one of the, if not <u>the</u> greatest fighter in the history of martial arts.
Yes, I did. That's why Tim studied it. Because it was Bruce Lee's fighting style.
Jeet Kune Do...Now I did some research on that form of fighting, and I found out that Jeet Kune Do was a style developed by Bruce Lee. Did you know that?
Tim studied several styles, but his favorite was Jeet Kune Do.
Is that a fact? Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in?
The style of fighting that Tim studied didn't believe in belts.
What was the color of Tim's belt?
Yes you are.
When you study the martial arts, they give out belts that come in different colors to signify what level you're at in your training. Am I correct on that point?
More or less...
More or less.
No, but that don't mean much. I was a completely different person ten years ago. Let's give key lime a day in court. And a large glass of milk.
When ya had it, did ya like it?
I haven't had a key lime pie in ten years.
The key lime is great, but it's an acquired taste.
Which do you recommend?
Apple, pecan, cherry, and key lime.
What kind of pies do you have?
Well, back in slave times they had a thing called the underground railroad. And we got a whole fan club out there just waiting to be conductors.  So, you kids out there, keep the faith. Cause Mickey and Mallory will be comin' to your town real soon.
How do you intend to disappear? you're probably the most famous couple in America.
Well, now me and Mickey are gonna take it easy. Just enjoy each other's company, stop and smell the roses, notice the color purple, stuff like that.
We had nothing to do with that riot. That riot was just -- whatchmacallit --
Try to keep it to a minimum.
Haven't you been listening to a fuckin' word I said? ...Oh, I'm sorry. Can I say fuckin'? I can't, can I?
Did you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room?
I wondered how long it would be before we'd get to be alone together. And I wondered if I could wait that long.
What did you think then?
It wasn't 'till we got on the ground floor that I totally realized they weren't gonna shoot unless we shot first. When we got out of the stairwell, I remember thinking, 'Oh my God. This might work.' But Mickey knew it would work all along. There wasn't any doubt in his mind. It's not like there was and he just didn't show it. He knew it would work.
Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work?
I said we'd give you an interview. I never said we wouldn't kill you.
Looked like an interview to me.
What he said. We didn't know jack shit about and riot. It just happened. It was kismet. We didn't even know those people. How are we supposed to organize a riot when we've been in fuckin' isolation for the past year? Just bleep out the fucks and jack shits.  I mean, it's not like we care. If they wanna say we masterminded the whole thing, let 'em. It won't exactly keep us up at night. But you said you wanted the truth, and the truth is we were just lucky.
Divine intervention.
We still got a few tricks up our sleeves.
Hasn't it?
Don't stop!
Mickey!
Thanks. Roll 'em, Donut.
By all means, knock yourself out.
Yeah.
You got something you want to do?
Are we in a big hurry?
Now, when we get out there, you do what we say or it's curtains. If we say move, you move. If we say left, you move left. If we say right, you move right. If we say mole, you dig a hole. Got it?
Grace. I'd like to talk to you about your murdered brother Tim, if you feel up to it.
Naw, she don't mind.
Now that you bring it up, yes. They were different men. I hadn't really thought that much about it. Since many psychiatric opinions are, by a rule, sought out for this kind of situation. What do you think normally happens? The Knoxs are assigned a family psychologist that takes care of them throughout the rest of their lives? The state doesn't work like that.
I take it by your answer it was a whole new team?
Using the same doctors is not common practice.
Were any of the doctors who made the first evaluation on the Knoxs mental state asked to re-examine them?
The prison board and the doctors who examined them.
Who is we?
What's changed, Mr. Gayle, is our minds. We felt they were competent a year ago. A year has passed, sir, a year where they were under close observation, day in and day out, and their behaviour has led us to believe we were wrong.
When they were found competent before, they had already killed fifty people. Other than the fact they're a disciplinary problem, which frankly shouldn't surprise anyone, I still don't see where this situation is any different then it was before. So, I ask you again, Mr. McClusky, what's changed?
Well, since that time, they've killed one person during their trail. And since their incarceration, they've killed one psychologist along with several guards and inmates.
Mickey and Mallory were deemed competent in a mental examination before their trial. I'm confused. What's changed?
The prison board made the decision. A board of which I belong. We're the who. The why is simple. Mickey and Mallory are mentally ill and need to be under a doctor's care, where hopefully they'll receive the help they need.
Why are Mickey and Mallory being moved to an asylum? And who made the decision?
Ain't love grand.
Because they wouldn't give them their blessing for marriage.
Mickey's better half herself. Mallory Knox. This little lady drowned her father in a fish tank.
Who's the song bird?
You write the script Jack, call it, 'Showdown in Mojave: The extermination of Mickey and Mallory', whatever... Have we found our man?
I see.
You're a breathing icon of justice and that's why you were chosen to deliver Mr. and Mrs. Knox. We, the prison board we, knows that once you get them on the road if anything should happen, an escape attempt, an accident, fire, anything...Jack 'Supercop' Scagnetti would be there to look out for his public's best interests.
You're a celebrated cop. Twenty-six years on the force, a best-seller out on paperback...
By all means.
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?
So, how do I fit into this scheme?
You've heard of it?
Lobotomy Bay?
So can we. So the solution to our little problem is we had them deemed crazy. And we're shippin' 'em to Nystrom Asylum for the criminally insane.
I can appreciate that.
Look, our situation in a nutshell is, no prison wants 'em, no prison will take 'em. I'm even talkin' hellholes, where the warden's as hard as a bar of iron. No one wants those fuckin' assholes behind their walls, dealin' with 'em day in, day out.
Five inmates, eight guards and one psychiatrist all in one year's time... Very good. You do keep up with the headlines.
They've killed a shitload of inmates and guards---
Susanville, Soledade.
They've been separated since their incarceration in a couple of penitentiaries---
You been followin' the news coverage?
Who isn't?
Dewight McClusky of the California Prison Board. Take a seat please.
Thank you, sir.
Congratulations on the Curtis Fox case, Scagnetti. You put an end to a nightmare. The ladies of this city can get to sleep again, and they have you to thank.
Okay, Wayne, step forward.
Yeah.
You're taking us to that holding cell now.  All right, Cut!
She's in the holding cell, on this floor.
Okay, buddy boy, where ya keepin' Mallory? I know she's still here, and I know you know where. So, start talking or my first work as a director will be your death scene.
What?
Did you ever see 'Eldorado?'
I've never wounded anything in my life. I got you locked right between the eyes.
Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it.
Slide the shotgun over here, put your hands behind your head, put your forehead on the floor.
Looks like we got a Mexican standoff.
How's it goin'?
...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up. I thought, 'Oh shit, somebody's broken in.' I didn't own a gun, so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella. Okay, it turned out to be nothing. God made the noise. Who knows?
Wagons, hooaaa!
Ready.
You ready, Donut?
Even better. Wayne call your station, tell 'em we're going live a little early today. Make it happen!
It's video.
Do you have a back up.
Not good.
How is it?
Yes, sir.
You guys stay on your bellies.
Look, I'll trade you.
Tough titty, it's mine now.
Yeah. Ya see, I ordered that special.
There's a chocolate cream filled in there?
Ah...fine. Let me make an adjustment here, and we'll be ready to rock 'n roll. Oh...uh, the dumbass at the donut place put a chocolate cream filled I asked for in your box.
Anything.
What?
Say something.
Oh my God!  Sorry.
She was born without a tongue.
How come you never talk?
NO!!!
Let's make a little music, Colorada.
We are.  Your camera.
Wait! You can't kill me. Mickey and Mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale.
Just save your breath, Wayne. We hate you. If anybody in the fuckin' world deserves to die, it's you.
Don't touch those triggers! Please. I think I've already proven that a live Wayne Gayle is much more better that a dead...Way-- Gayle. I was your passport out of jail, not Duncan Homolka. But me! I'll be your passport outta---
No. Not really.
...developed between the three of us. We're kindda in this together, don't ya think?
I said I'd give you a interview. Now unless I'm mistaken, we just did a interview.  We did an interview, didn't we?
Just wait one fucking minute.
So, what now?
C'mon, c'mon, let's hurry this up.
Without any further ado, Mickey and Mallory...
We ain't got all fuckin' day!
Got it.
Say it. Scream it. All the way out the front door and into your van. And if you stop screaming, I swear to God I'll blow your head off.
Yes.
...'Winner of the Golden Globe and the Edward R. Murrow award among others.' Tell 'em the name of your personal lawyer, his firm, his address, and phone number. Tell 'em about the mayor and the unemployment lines. You getting the idea?
'Respected journalist'-- On your knees...
Are you kidding? The Golden Globe, The Edward R. Murrow award...
'Every week by forty million people. I am a respected journalist.' Have you won any awards?
On average forty million.
That's what I thought. You tell them that. When we go down those stairs, I want you to scream what you just told me. 'My name is Wayne Gayle! I am the star of American Maniacs watched every week by'-- how many people?
We'll all be killed.
Probably not, but we're gonna give it the old college try.
This is crazy. You can't escape like this.
No.
Mickey, can I talk to you alone?
Let me have the keys.
Out front.
Where's it parked?
Yeah, we have a van.
Okay, we're going out that door, and we're gonna march down the hall and right out of the building.  Donut said something about a news van.
Scott's dead. And unless you wanna play follow the leader, shut up and do as you're told.
Let me check on Scott. He's hurt bad.
Donut, get your camera. See if it's broke.
Now, I'm no comedian, but it's pretty funny. It's a Little Johnny joke. Now in the joke, Little Johnny can't talk. And Little Johnny's teenage sister asks her mother if she can go out on a date.
Sure.
You guys wanna hear a joke I heard?
Could I get a Coke for Mickey?
I could go for a Coke.
Okay, let's cut it.
Everybody thought I'd gone crazy. The cops, my mom, everybody. But you see, they all missed the point of the story. I wasn't crazy. But when I was holding the shotgun, it all became clear. I realized for the first time my one true calling in life. I'm a natural born killer.
When have they ever been right?
Says the United States of America.
Says who?
Well, riddle me this, Batman. How do you feel about the fact that you're never gonna see Mallory again?
That's indescribable.
Don't play dumb with me, Mickey. You know what I mean. Describe Mallory.  What's up here?  What's in here?
Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers...
Describe Mallory.
I'm sure we will.
Okay...okay...I'll buy that. We'll move on and come back later.
It's not that easy, Wayne. Donuts and a smoke only get you so far. You're gonna have to do your job.
Tell me about the purity.
You'll never understand. Me and you, Wayne, we're not even the same species. I used to be you...then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're a ape. I'm here...I'm right here... and you...you're somewhere else, man. You say why? I say why not?
You just said an instant of purity was preferrable to a lifetime lie. I don't understand. What's so pure about forty-eight dead bodies?
Please explain to me, Mickey, where's the purity that you couldn't live without in five year old Danny Millhouse's blown off head? Where's the purity in forty-eight people who are no longer on this planet because they met you and Mallory? What's so fucking pure about that?
That's only part of it. I mean, it's a big, big, big part. But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.
Excuse me, did you say an instant of purity? What was the instant of purity? The bodies you left behind on your bloody trail?
Was an instant of purity worth a lifetime lie? Yeah, it was.
No, Mickey, I can't let you get away with that shit. Answer the question. Was it worth it? You haven't seen, heard, or smelled Mallory in a year. Was it worth it?
Do you think up these questions or the girl with no tongue?
Was massacring all those people worth being separated from your wife for the rest of your life?
Was what worth it?
Then was it worth it?
Of course, I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question.
Do you miss Mallory?
What I did for fun for starters.  Well, something I used to do...always was a lot of fun...  No, scratch that. Let me think of something else. In fact, why don't we come back to that question. Ask me something else.
What? Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters.
Much obliged. What do I do for fun? Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun?
Aside from the obvious?
So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun.
Let's do it.
We're about ready to go here. Are you ready?
Don't worry about it.
Sorry about that.
Let's discuss it when I'm unbound.
All right, Mickey.
Okay now, before we get started here, there's a few things we have to get clear about.
I'm keen with anticipation.
Mickey, how do you feel about cross- examining Grace Mulberry?
Songs. 'He's A Rebel', 'Leader Of The Pack', 'Town Without Pity', that Dusty Springfield song 'I Only Want To Be With You'. That's what I hear anyway. Her behaviour was the main thing the doctors' report used against you. So even if she would see me, which she won't, I couldn't put her on camera anyway. If I ask her, 'Mallory, are you insane?' And she starts singing 'Dead Skunk In The Middle Of The Road', that blows our whole case.
She sings? What does she sing?
Not to anybody. She sings.
She doesn't talk?
She won't even see me, Mickey. Now you're not supposed to know anything about what's going on with her, but I'm gonna tell ya somethin'. Since you two've been sentenced, Mallory hasn't spoken one word.
Have you talked to Mallory about this?
My problem Mickey, is that you don't exactly inspire empathy. I'm all alone on this. I need your help. I want what the prison board is doing to be the focus of our follow up episode. Now I have interviews with chairman of the prison board Dewight McClusky about this issue. And I'm tellin' ya, Mickey, he looks bad. The two psychologists they used for their psychiatric kangaroo court won't talk to us, which always looks bad. I have an interview with both the judge of your trial, Bert Steinsma, and the psychologist and author, Emil Reinghold, both of which discount the notion that you're insane. You put that all together, and what the state is doing becomes obvious. But the network isn't satisfied. They feel the show needs another element. It needs you. In order to put the show on the air, I need to get an interview with you. You haven't talked to the press since your trial. Now, a few days before you get transferred to an asylum, you grant an interview on television with Wayne Gayle. We're talkin' a media event here. Every son of a bitch out the with a TV set's gonna tune in to see that. We'll make their motives so blatant, we'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing. At least for a little while, the publicity would keep them from just giving you and Mallory lobotomies. Well, whatta ya say?
We've been waiting to do a follow up episode on you for a long time. And that time has definitely come.  I feel it's apparent to anyone who's hip to what's going on that the prison board has thrown the constitution straight out the fuckin' window. You and Mallory may be killers, but you're not insane. You belong in a prison, not in an asylum. The prison board is blatantly railroading you into a hospital for the sole purpose of turning you into vegetables. Now some people are saying, 'So what?' I am not one of those people. If we avert our eyes while they do this to you, we give them permission to do it again whenever they see fit. Today they wipe clean your mind because they feel your actions are dangerous, tomorrow they wipe clean my mind because they feel what I say is dangerous. Where does it all stop?
Yeah, it's pretty hard to beat the king.
Manson beat you.
How 'bout Manson?
What I'd like to do---
Good...yuppie piece of shit.
Yes. Yours got the larger Nielson share.
How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him?
Yours.
Whose ratings were higher?
Yes.
Did you ever do one on Wayne Gacy?
The episode we did on Mickey and Mallory was one of our most popular ones.
Everybody knows who you are. You're famous.
Hello Mickey. We've never been introduced, but I'm Wayne Gayle. I don't know if you've ever heard of me or remember me. I was one of the reporters outside the courthouse during your trial---
You made every day like kindergarten.
Yeah baby.
I don't give a damn if a million United States marines, all whistling the halls of Montezuma, are gonna come marchin' down this alley any second. There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you. And that's that!
Mickey, you're wasting time!
No fuckin' way!
If they stay, they'll catch you, and they don't have to catch you---
No fuckin' way! No fuckin' way!
I can't run with you, Mickey! I really want to. If I could, I would, but I can't. I gotta stay here. But you can still get out of here.
I'm not saying it's not gonna hurt, but--
I can't go. I'm too fucked up.
Unfortunately, yes.
And they made the first move?
They can't because neither knows if the other is a deranged senseless killer like the Knoxs. So, you may as well make the first move.
Why can't they just shake hands and be friends?
It's like this, Wayne. Two people are standing in a dark room waiting for the other to attack. These two people can't see each other, yet they know they're there. Now, they can either stand in the dark room forever waiting until they die of boredom, or one of them can make the first move.
How can you say that you 'admire' them?
Yes.
Then you've seen the scene where Arnold Schwartzenegger is talking to Lou Ferigno.
Yes.
They actually apologized.
So, Mallory calls 911 and they took off.
They were especially influenced by 'Conquering Huns of Neptune.'
Apparently, they've seen all our films.
Mickey stops sawin' on my leg and says, 'Oh my God, I'm your biggest fan!'
And then Mallory stops Mickey and says, 'Hey, these are the Brothers Hun.'
Just for fun, I guess.
They had us tied down during one of their house raids, you've seen the headlines, and they were taking a chainsaw to our legs before they were gonna kill us.
Survival of the fittest.
They're shocking the world into remembering the primal law.
That's the way of the world.
That's the Mickey and Mallory way.
Yes.
Yes.
Schwartzenegger was the king of the edge before they came along.
They've hypnotized the nation.
Only on a much grander scale.
Mickey and Mallory have that edge.
He had the edge. The mind's edge.
He squashed him mentally before physically defeating him.
---and a snake-eye glare, Arnold was able to totally psyche out any confidence Ferigno had.
And a snake-eye glare.
Through the power of the simple word---
Have you seen 'Pumping Iron?'
Hypnotizing.
I do, too.
I admire them.
Jesus...
That's my opinion.
The entire wing?
I'll say enough to destroy this wing.
Take a wild stab!
It's hard to say Capt'n.
What do you think, Pitney? How much Explosives do you think that they really have in there?
Here.
Where do the air ducts lead?
Here's the layout of the laundry room.
Capt'n!
I want two men stationed in that tier, and I want men with rifles all along the walkway.
Scotty?
Rockin'!
Roger?
Fine. Roger, what the hell are you doing? You're bothering the serial killer.
Roger, enough with the fucking donuts! What did I tell you. Stop bothering Mickey, and get behind your nagra.
Roger, I'm starting to get pissed. Just drop this fuckin' donut shit, and gather your gear.
Wayne---
Okay, guys, we're here. L.A. County Jail. Julie, just park in the front.
So you're giving a man who butchers whole families, little babies included, my chocolate cream filled?
Roger, do you understand what the word 'no' means? It's important we establish a rapport. Something as simple as a dozen donuts can mean the world to somebody who hasn't had a donut in a year.
What's the big deal? Take out my chocolate cream filled, put one of these roasted coconut---
Roger, no.
That dumbass probably put my chocolate cream filled in there by mistake.
Huh uh. This dozen is for Mickey.
I'm as serious about that as I am about going back to the donut store, and dipping that stupid Mexican's head into the batter for forgetting my chocolate cream filled. Gimme that other box.
You can't be serious?
I hear ya. Play.
Now we got to film a new intro for the follow up episode. But we put the intro for the first episode at the beginning temporarily so you can see it with some scope.
Next week's episode.
How immediate is immediately?
This is Raymond Burr witnessing the destruction of Tokyo by Godzilla.
Drink up! This is a celebration. This is the day we received word we were gonna make television history. We're gonna have the first sit down, in depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever, one day before he's being shipped to a mental hospital for the rest of his life. This is one of those golden moments that happens maybe only four times in a lucky journalist's career. This is Wallace with Noriega, this is Elton John confessing his bi-sexuality to the Rolling Stone, this is the tearful reporting of the Hindenberg disaster, this is Truffaut setting the record straight on Hitchcock, this is a Robert Capa photo, this is Woodward and Bernstien meeting Deep Throat in an underground parking lot, this is John Reid reporting 'The Ten Days That Shook The World', this is the hippies' bloody palms at Kent State, the Maysles brothers at Altamont, this is the Nixon/Frost interviews...
I'm taking one of these men. Yates, come with me.
Yeah, sure.
Jack, could you stay up here for a while?
Me, neither. I don't eat meat.
Nothing for me. I'm leavin'.
Coolin' her jets in a holding cell.
How 'bout Mallory?
Waitin' in the lounge.
They're real Goddamn good. They'll be there for when ya need 'em. Where are they?
Yeah, we met. They're good men.
I assigned you Bingham and Washington to go along.
Yeah. Bus is all gassed up and ready to roll.
Are you all set?
Two-thirty. Shhh...
You should see the other bitch. What time you got?
What the hell happened to you?
Wayne Gayle!
Wayne Gayle.
Who?
We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole place. But it just so happens that right now he's got a special visitor.
And where do you keep Mickey?
Well, Mickey and Mallory can't be together. So, we'll put you on one of our prison busses and you'll take Mallory first, then you'll come back for Mickey.
What's the travelling arrangements?
Thanks.
Pleased to meet ya, Jack. I read your book. I'm impressed. Good work on Curtis Fox.
Super cool.  This is great stuff. How ya doin'?
It's gonna be beautiful.
Fucking dammit! Mickey hold onto that thought. Reload, quick!
Camera jam! I'm sorry Wayne. God.
Slate it.
Rollin'...and speed!
Perfecto!
How's it working, Scotty?
Okay.
Good work, my brothers. Fan-fuckin'- tastic! I think that interview stuff's too long, we can lose some of that. Keep the girls, keep the long hairs, keep the Hun brothers, keep the black guy, keep the movie shit, and keep the cop at the donut shop. Lose the rest. And cut the interview with the prison board fellow before that. Cut it after I ask, 'I take it by your answer it was a whole new team.' Don't even let him answer. Fuck him. Then cut to me talking about the two chicken shit psychiatrists and straight in Dr. Reinghold laughing.
Well, basically, what we did was put part of the old show on first...
Okay, boys, let's have it.
Tomorrow.
When do you want the assembly?
So Unruly Julie's comin' with me and planning the interview.  You two go down to the editing bay, take the old footage and the new footage, put it together, and see what we got. Get it into shape so when we finish the interview, we can just stick it in.
Are you kidding? The last thing they expected was Mickey Knox to get up close and personal. They wanted a follow up episode and would've taken anything I had given them. I'm not gonna tell Mickey Knox that. I'm gonna make him think his grey matter depends on it. When I told Woody and the brass about this coup, they practically shit a brick. I'm talkin' an adobe brick. They want to expand the show to a hour, and they want it on immediately.
Would the network really not run it without the interview?
We got tonight and tomorrow to get our shit together. The day after that they're shippin' Mallory. That's when we do the Mickey Knox interview, 'cause the next day he goes.
Never is a very long time, Wayne. A word only the weak use. I'm not a sore loser. Even if I don't have a leg to stand on, I'm going to get up and fight this world until I'm on top again.
But you'll never be whole again.
By taking away our legs. Now we have to fight harder to get ahead than anyone else you'll find in this gym. Probably the whole city. They gave us the fighting spirit. Before this happened I was content. Now I'm pissed off. Now I'm half a man and I've got to work like the devil to get whole again.
How so?
They passed the 'edge' along to us.
Why?
But you see, that's okay, Wayne.
They're mesmerising.
But how can you say that?
Stay up here and finish your interview, I've got to see what the hell's going on down there before I can take responsibility for you to film there.
Could we go with you and film it?
Fine.  Julie, why don't you make a food run?  What's around here?
I'm not running out and getting that piece of shit a Coke.
I didn't mean they were assholes. I mean if they're leaving, get 'em outta here.
Don't call my men assholes.
Chill out, Phill. Four deputies and you, I can live with that. We're about ready to go here, so let's get rid of these other assholes.
Why don't I have Mickey thrown back into his cell and we can forget the whole thing?
Why don't we make it three deputies and you?
And me.
So we got a deal. Four deputies---
I'll cut it in half. Four guys, but that's it.
Three.
I can't do that. Five guys.
No, no, no, no, no, no, I mean only two guys.
Okay. I'll take two guys off.
Two guys?
What are we talking about?
Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place. They hate him. He hates them. What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air. Even you and I feel it.
Wayne, if it was anybody else---
We got one...two...three...four ...five...six...seven...eight. I mean Jesus Christ, Phil, that's too much. Let's lose some of these guys.
One...I can take care of myself. I grew up in a tough neighbourhood, and I've handled some pretty rough customers in my day. Mickey Knox doesn't scare me. Two...I'm a journalist, and I'm prepared to take that risk. Three...it ain't gonna happen. Believe me when I tell you, it is in Mickey Knox's own best interest to play this game according to Hoyle.  Wait a minute. We've gotten into a advisory relationship here, which is not what I want.  But seriously, Phil, look at this.
Well, let me let you in on one more fact you obviously don't know. If I were to take my men away, Mickey Knox would snap your neck like a twig.
Don't recite the fact to me. I'm sure I know 'em better than you do.
Since he and his wife have been in custody, they've killed---
Mr. Wurlitzer, I assure you, I am very familiar with Mickey Knox's career.
Mr. Gayle, do you have the slightest idea how dangerous Knox is?
Lose 'em.
Well, just what the hell do you expect me to do?
They got a asshole over here.  A asshole sitting down reading a magazine over there.  A asshole perched up there.  Assholes everywhere. Hey, maybe if we were doin' that kiss, kiss, bang, bang stuff we'd need all those assholes, too. What we're about is intimacy. We're about two people having a conversation. Say I was interviewing you. All I want you to worry about is what I ask you. I want a trust to develop. If you're thinking about all this...  ...you're not going to relax, a trust won't develop, we'll be talking a each other instead of to each other, there will be no chance for intimacy.
It sure is.
See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it?
Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more.
Well...small world. Well, then, you know firsthand how Hollywood does things. Lights all over the place, generators, a hundred and fifty crew members---
I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago.
Really?
Ya know, I was.
Now, Phil, I don't know if you've ever been on a set before---
I see.
Just a little nickname. Yep, they're my kids and they're all I need. After working together these past coupla years, we're like well-oiled machinery. No, more like a Formula race car. No, scratch that one, too. What we're really like is a Swiss watch. Small, intricate, compact...it shouldn't work as well as it does, but it does. Because of the craftsmanship, the expertise, and the artist's loving hand.
Is that her real name?
Scott, genius cameraman, Roger, magician with sound. Unruly Julie, I could sooner do without my arm than Unruly Julie.
Oh yes, indeed. Top flight.
You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?
By all means.
Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you.
How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?
That sounds great. Look, I don't want any of this to intimidate you. This is not going to be a big deal. This is going to be very easy.  I need to talk with Mr. Wurlitzer. You guys get your equipment ready, power up the van and confirm a transmission code for the remote. Julie come with me.
I'm the superintendent here at L.A. County Jail. Me and my deputies are who you'll be working with while you're here.
Same here. Let me introduce my crew. Scott...Roger...and Unruly Julie ...this is...I'm sorry. What's your title again?
Hello, Mr. Gayle. I'm Phil Wurlitzer. We talked on the phone. It's a pleasure to meet you.
