You know Johnny when he gets mad.
I'll come over when I'm ready.
I'd get over there, Terry. I'll take the little lady home.
I'm gonna take her home first.
He just got a call from "Mr. Upstairs." Something's gone wrong. He's plenty hot.
Right now?
When I was a mere spit of a lad on Ferry Street in Dublin the nuns used to say to me, "Nolan, don't be swallowin' ye words like fishballs. When you got something to say—  —Talk with your mouth wide open," so if I'm loud don't blame me— it's the fault of the nuns!
And what in blazes have the nuns got to do with it?
If I talk too loud it's the fault of the nuns.
If you kept your ears wide open instead of your mouth—
Talk louder. I can't hear you.
And don't be walking off with any of that. You know how the boss feels about individual pilferage.
That's all. Next witness!
What do you mean, odd? We was robbed like I told you.
Doesn't it seem odd to you that five different waterfront locals were broken into last night and the only articles removed were financial records?
We was robbed last night and we can't find no books.
Well, where are they?
Sure we keep records!
You mean to sit there and tell me that your local takes in sixty-five thousand, five hundred dollars every year and keeps no financial records?
This is for you to figure out. You can have it your way or you can have it his way.  But you can't have it both ways.  Am I right, Sonny?
But my own kid bro—
Then don't.
Johnny, I can't do that. I can't do that, Johnny.
Confused kid? First he crosses me in public and gets away with it and then the next joker, and pretty soon I'm just another fellow down here.
Gerry G!! You don't want to do that, Johnny! Sure the boy's outa line, but he's just a confused kid.
Very simple. Just bring him to... that place we been using. Mac, you take care of the details. Call Gerry G. in if you think you need him.
What do you want me to do, Johnny?
So do I, Charley. For your sake.
I wish I knew.
I ain't interested in his mental condition. All I want to know is, is he D 'n D or is he a canary?
This girl and the Father got their hooks in him so deep he doesn't know which end is up anymore.
He was always a good kid. You know that.
Thanks for the legal advice, Charley. That's what we always kept you around for.  Now how do we keep him from giving this testimony? Isn't that the— er— as you put it— main order of business?
So they're walking along and smiling. That doesn't mean he's going to talk. There's no evidence until he gives public testimony.
After what we been hearing about your brother, I thought your throat'd be kind of dry.
I'm not thirsty.
Drink up, Charley. We're ahead of you.
Why should he forget it?
You got a real friend here, kid. Don't forget it.
Gimme.
I make it twentysix twenty-three. You're fifty short, Skins.
So look, kid, you don't think we c'n afford to be boxed out of a deal like this— a deal I sweated and bled for— on account of one lousy little cheese-eater, that Doyle bum, who thought he c'd go squealin' to the Crime Commission? Do you?—
It'll do.
We ain't robbin' pennies from beggars. We cuttin' ourselves in for five-six million a year just on our half a dozen piers—  a drop in the bucket compared to the traffic in the harbor.  But a mighty sweet little drop, eh, Charley?
Why shouldn't we? If we c'n get it we're entitled to it.
I know what's eatin' you, kid. But I got two thousand dues-payin' members in my local— that's seventy-two thousand a year legitimate and when each one of 'em puts in a couple of bucks a day to make sure they work steady— well, you figure it out. And that's just for openers. We got the fattest piers in the fattest harbor in the world. Everything that moves in and out— we take our cut.
When he got up and chased them they thought it was a dead man coming after them.
Listen kid, I'm a soft tough too. Ask any rummy  on the dock if I'm not good for a fin any time they put the arm on me.  But my old lady raised us ten kids on a stinkin' watchman's pension. When I was sixteen I had to beg for work in the hold. I didn't work my way up out of there for nuthin'.
The Joey Doyle thing. You know how he is. Things like that— he exaggerates them. Too much Marquis of Queensbury.  It softens 'em up.
What gives with our boy tonight, Charley? He ain't himself.
Okay— I'll tell him I couldn't bring you in. Ten to one they won't believe it, but— go ahead, blow. Jump out, quick, and keep going... and God help you from here on in.
It was you, Charley... .
You don't understand! I could've been a contender. I could've had class and been somebody. Real class. Instead of a bum, let's face it, which is what I am. It was you, Charley.
I tried to keep you in good with Johnny.
See! You don't understand!
I always had a bet down for you. You saw some money.
It wasn't him!  It was you, Charley. You and Johnny. Like the night the two of youse come in the dressing room and says, "Kid, this ain't your night— we're going for the price on Wilson." It ain't my night. I'd of taken Wilson apart that night! I was ready— remember the early rounds throwing them combinations. So what happens— This bum Wilson he gets the title shot— outdoors in the ballpark! – and what do I get— a couple of bucks and a one-way ticket to Palookaville.  It was you, Charley. You was my brother. You should of looked out for me. Instead of making me take them dives for the short-end money.
Gee, when you tipped one seventy-five you were beautiful. You should've been another Billy Conn. That skunk I got to manage you brought you along too fast.
...eight-seven, eighty-eight. What's it to you?
What do you weigh these days, slugger?
Wow... .
I wish I didn't have to do this, Terry.
Charley... . Charley... . Wow... .
Take the boss loading, kid. For God's sake. I don't want to hurt you.
Four thirty-seven— that isn't where Gerry G...?
Make up your mind, kid, I beg you, before we get to four thirty-seven River... .
I tell you, Charley, I haven't made up my mind!
The point is— there isn't much time, kid.
I could have been better!
What the hell!!!
Don't say that!
—ex-tanker who's walking on his heels— ?
Don't say that!
Well, then, you know Cousin Johnny isn't going to jeopardize a setup like that for one rubber-lipped—
I know. I know.
Listen, Terry, these piers we handle through the locals— you know what they're worth to us?
I don't know— I don't know! I tell you I ain't made up my mind yet. That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
You don't mean you're thinking of testifying against— 
Yeah— yeah— I guess I do— but there's a lot more to this whole thing than I thought, Charley.
Absolutely nothing. You do nothing and you say nothing. You understand, don't you, kid?
And for all that dough I don't do nothin'?
Ten cents a hundred pounds on everything that moves in and out. And you don't have to lift a finger. It'll be three-four hundred a week just for openers.
Boss loader!
There's a slot for a boss loader on the new pier we're opening up.
Maybe.
I always figured I'd live longer without it.
Sure, that's all right when you're a kid, but you'll be pushing thirty pretty soon, slugger. It's time you got some ambition.
A steady job and a few bucks extra, that's all I wanted.
They feel you've been sort of left out of things, Terry. They think it's time you had a few little things going for you on the docks.
Mm—hmmm.
You know, the boys are getting rather interested in your future.
Mm—hmm.
Of course, the boys know you too well to mark you down for a cheese-eater.
That's right... .
The grapevine says you picked up a subpoena.
Nothing ever stops you from talking, Charley.
I've got to cover a bet there on the way over. Anyway, it gives us a chance to talk.
River Street? I thought we was going to the Garden.
Thicker than water.
Gee, Charley, I'm sure glad you stopped by for me. I needed to talk to you. What's it they say about blood, it's— 
Nolan? I knew he had guts but—
The complete works of Timothy J. Nolan.
Let me explain you something, kid. Stooling is when you rat on your friends, on the guys you're with.  When Johnny needs a favor, don't try to figure it out, just do it. Now go ahead, join the congregation.
But going in that church, I'd be stooling for you, Charley. You make a pigeon out of me.
Johnny does you favors, kid. You got to do a little one for him once in a while.
Why me, Charley? I'd feel funny going in there.
We got a little extra detail for you. The local priest and this Doyle girl are getting up a meeting in the church. We'd like a rundown on it. You know, names and numbers of all the players. You're nominated.
I just fnished work. I counted the bags.
You don't mind working once in a while to justify this lofty position?
It's a living.
Working hard?
In a minute.
Come on, kid. I'll buy you a drink.
He probably gave 'em an argument.
I figured the worst they'd do is work him over a little.
Maybe he gave them an argument.
I thought they'd talk to him. Try to get him to dummy up.
That was the idea.
You said they was only going to talk to him.
You hear that, Terry?  Terry, did you hear that?  You lost the battle but you have a chance to win the war. All you gotta do is walk.
They're waiting for him to walk in.
Terry... Terry... .
Terry...?
Tommy, what happened?
What happened?  What happened?
You think I'm just a gravy-train rider in a turned-around collar?
I'm afraid I spoke out of turn last night.
Hello, Edie.
Father Barry.
"In the church when you need me." Was there ever a saint who hid in the Church?
Edie, I do what I can. I'm in the church when you need me.
Don't turn away! Look at it! You're in this too— don't you see, don't you see? You're in this too, Father.
I wish I knew, Edie, But— 
How could anyone do this to Joey. The best in the neighborhood... . everybody said it, not only me. Who'd want to harm Joey? Tell me— who?  -- who?
Why Edie, I—
Time and faith... . My brother's dead and you stand there talking drivel about time and faith.
Terry...?
Am I on my feet...?
You always said I was a bum. Well—  —not anymore. I'm going down to the dock. Don't worry, I'm not going to shoot anybody. I'm just going to get my rights.  Joey's jacket. It's time I start wearing it.
Then go ahead— go ahead! Go down to the shape-up and get yourself killed, you stupid, pigheaded, son of a—  What are you trying to prove? With a decisive gesture Terry takes the hook and sticks it through his belt. Then he goes to the wall and lifts Joey's windbreaker from the nail on which it has been hanging. He puts the windbreaker on in a deliberate way, and grins at her as he does so; then he walks to the door with a sense of dignity he has never had before.
Farm...
You heard what Johnny said. No part of the Waterfront'll be safe for you now. Maybe inland— the Middle West somewhere— a job on a farm... .
Every one of 'em... .
Terry, you better stay in for a while. I'll come and cook your meals. Be sure you keep the door locked.
My pigeons... .
He's going to have to grow up too.
Jimmy...
Are you sure they're your friends?
But I feel like— My friends won't talk to me.
Well, it's over.
Thanks just the same.
I thought you might want some hot coffee.
Edie.
No, I can't let you. I can't, you're—
Get out of my way.
Terry, for God's sake.
Do what I told you. Take care of Charley.
Terry, you're bleeding.
Don't hang on to me. And don't follow me. Don't follow me.  Call the Father. Ask him to take care of Charley for me. My brother. There's something I got to do.
Terry, no, no... .
I'll take it out of their skulls.
I don't want to see you killed. I want to live with you. Live with you. Any place it's safe to walk the streets without... .
I'll take it out of their skulls.
I mean it, let's get away from here, first Joey then Nolan, now Charley— and any minute... .  ...I'm frightened— I'm frightened.
Charley.
I'm looking for Charley. I heard Charley was waiting for me.  Charley?
Terry, I'm frightened. More and more frightened.
Edie, Edie, I...
I didn't say I didn't love you. I said stay away from me.
Edie, I need you to love me. Tell me you love me.
Get away from me.
Edie...
It's just a scratch. You won't die. She turns away from him.
My hand.
I keep hearing it and I don't know what to do..I don't know what to do... .
I never mentioned the word before. In his agony he grips a glass standing on the night table.
That—  —word again! Why do you keep saying conscience, conscience... .
I don't want you to do anything. Let your conscience tell you what to do.
I know what you want me to do!
It's you who's being hurt. By keeping it inside you, like a poison. Sooner or later it's got to come out.
I don't want to hurt Charley— I don't want to hurt you...
How can you be with Charley and Johnny Friendly and still be with me? Either way it's a lie. It's like there were two different people inside of you. You've got to be one or the other.
Edie, listen to me! I want you to believe me. I want to be with you.
I don't want to talk about it. I want you to go.
You think I stink, don't you? You think I stink for what I told you?
Lucky Pop isn't home, he'd kill you.
I had to, Edie. I had to see you.
Edie— it's—
Don't tell me— don't tell me!
What I did to Joey.
You... .
What I did to Joey.
Told him what?
I just told the Father.
Terry— what's happening to you?
The Father. The Father.
Who says?
Yeah, yeah, it's up to me, it's up to me— he says it's up to me.
You?
I've been sittin' in the church.
Terry, what's wrong?
Edie... Edie... ..
I know... I know... .
Edie— I— I— never said this to a girl before, I never knew a girl worth trying to say it for, but you— you're... .
There's a hawk around. They're scared tonight.
Pigeons... .
Go ahead, wear it.
I don't rate it.
I— I brought this for you, Terry. It was Joey's.  Yours is coming out at the elbows.
Edie!
Much more, Terry. Much, much more!
I'm tryin' to keep you from being hurt— What more do you want?
It's true.
Don't say that, Edie, don't...
Look out for number one. Always number one.  I should've known you wouldn't tell me. Pop said Johnny Friendly used to own you. I think he still owns you.  No wonder everybody calls you a bum.
Edie, your old man's right, go back to that school out in daisyland. You're driving yourself nuts— you're driving me nuts— stop worrying about the truth— worry about yourself.
It was Johnny Friendly who killed Joey, wasn't it?
I won't eat cheese for no cops, that's for sure.
What are you going to do?
That goes double for me.
I can't let myself fall in love with you.
Because... because...  Listen Edie, don't get sore now— but I think we're getting in love with each other.
Why should I come hollering to you at all?
Okay, get in hot water. But don't come hollerin' to me when you get burned.
Why worry about me? You're the one who says only look out for yourself.
Edie, listen, stay out of this mess. Quit tryin' to ask things about Joey. It ain't safe for you.
It's fun dancing with your eyes closed. I'm floating. I'm floating... .
I— I never knew a girl like you, Edie. I always knew the kind you just grab 'em And— I never knew a girl like you, Edie.
I thought I felt mean tonight. But I'm not— I'm just— all mixed up... .
What are you crying for?
For— not being any help?
What for?
You're not sore at me?
I got my whole life to drink.
I don't want it. But why don't you stay and finish your drink.
You haven't finished your beer.
All right, all right.. I shouldn't 've asked you.
I— I'd like to, Edie, but—  —there's nothin' I can do. Edie feels subdued, ashamed at breaking down. She rises, and in a low voice says—
Why keep harpin' on it?  Come on, drink up. You got to get a little fun out of life. What's the matter with you?  I'll play you some music.
Like Joey? Are you afraid to mention his name?
But that's living like an animal—
If you don't  Keep your neck in and your nose clean and You'll never have no trouble down here.
And if you don't?
Edie, down here it's every man for himself. It's keepin' alive! It's standin' in with the right people so you can keep a little loose change jinglin' in your pocket.
You don't believe in anything, do you?
But a priest...?
You've been off in daisyland, honey. Everybody's got a racket.
His— racket?
Yeah, yeah... .  This Father Barry, what's his racket?
He was looking at everybody the same way. Asking the same question.
Well, nobody, I guess. But that Father Barry, I didn't like the way he kept lookin' at me.
Why, Terry, who said it was?
Listen— get this straight— don't look at me when you say them things. It wasn't my fault what happened to your brother. Fixing Joey wasn't my idea... .
And when things get in your way— or people —you just knock them aside— get rid of Them— is that your idea?
What do they do for you, except get in your way?
I never met such a person. Not a spark of romance or sentiment or— or human kindness in your whole body.
I'm not lookin' to get crucified. I'm lookin' to stay in one piece.
Our Lord said just the opposite.
Want to hear my philosophy? Do it to him before he does it to you.
Terry!
Gee, thoughts! Alla time thoughts!  You really believe that drool?
Isn't everybody part of everybody else?
What a fruitcake you are!
Shouldn't we care about everybody?
I had to scrap all my life. Figured I might as well get paid for it. When I was a kid my old man got killed—never mind how. Charley and I was put in a place—they called it a Children's Home. Some home! I run away and peddled papers, fought in club smokers and—  But what am I runnin' off at the mouth for? What do you care?
What made you want to be a fighter?
Describing you. A square from out there. I mean you're nowhere.  Miss Four Corners.
Now what are you doing?
Naw, in the ring, a dive is-
A dive? You mean, into the water?
I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al? But— I didn't stay in shape— and—  —I had to take a few dives.
Were you really a prize fighter?
Hit me again, Mac.
No thanks... .
How about another one?
It's quite—  –nice.
How do you like it?
Wham... .
I am?
Likewise. And draw two for chasers.  Now you're beginning to live.
Come on, I know a quiet one, with a special entrance for ladies... .
In a saloon?
Want to go out and have one with me?
I don't know.
Listen, you like beer?
One thing about them though, they're faithful. They get married just like people.
Even pigeons aren't peaceful.
If another fella tries to take that perch away from him, he lets him have it.
Oh she's a beauty.
How do you like that one?
The things that go on.
I go for this stuff. You know this city's full of hawks? There must be twenty thousand of 'em. They perch on top of the big hotels and swoop down on the pigeons in the park.
I wouldn't have thought you'd be so interested —in pigeons.
I like pigeons. You send a bird five hundred miles away he won't stop for food or water until he's back in his own coop.
That was nice of you.
He had a few birds.  I got up and fed 'em this morning.
You don't mind yourself at all, do you.  Joey used to race pigeons.
Here they come! The champion flock of the neighborhood.
I started them Golden Warriors. I was their first Supreme Commander.
The Golden Warriors.
Good. So do I.
I changed my mind. I feel real mean tonight.
I really don't know.
I don't know.
What for?
Listen, Edie, am I going to see you again?
Thanks anyway.
I only live up there and across the roof.
I'd better go in.
That's my own flock up there, getting their evening workout. I won plenty of races with 'em.  Listen, you want to see them? Come up on the roof with me and I'll show 'em to you.
Do you like pigeons?
Boy, they sure fly nice, don't they?
Well he played it smart. Too many good-for-nothin's around here. All they got on their mind's a little beer, a little pool, a little—  I better get you home.
When Mother died Pop sent me out to school in the country. He was afraid with no one home I'd— get into bad company.
What-what? Where you been the last four five years? Outer space?
What?
Pardon me while I reach for my beads.
What's that?
With a little more patience and kindness. That's what makes people mean and difficult. Nobody cares enough about them.
How would you've done it?
Maybe they just didn't know how to handle you.
Now you got me! It's a wonder I wasn't punchy by the time I was twelve. The rulers those Sisters used to whack me with!  They thought they could beat an education into me—I foxed 'em.
I remember you were in trouble all the time.
Some people got faces that stick in your mind.
The moment I saw you.
The thought I'm tryin' to get over is you grew up beauteeful. Remember me?
I can get home all right from here—
Man, you were a mess!
I know. I thought I'd never get those braces off.
Looked like two pieces of rope. And your teeth were—
In braids? That's right.
Yeah. Yeah. I get your thought. You know I seen you lots of times before. Parochial school on Pulaski Street? Seven, eight years ago? Your hair come down in—
It isn't brains. It's how you use them.
A teacher! Dong!!!  You know I admire brains. Take my brother Charley. He's very brainy. Very.
I want to be a teacher.
And you spend all your time just learning stuff, huh?
It's a regular college. It's just run by the nuns. The Sisters of St. Anne.
You training to be a nun or something?
You know how the Sisters are.
I better get home.
Aah, he's a bottlebaby, he talks to himself, the joke of the neighborhood.
What did that man mean when he said you were... .?
Everybody knew him. He got around.
Everybody loved Joey. From the little kids to the old rummies.  Did you know him very well?
I better see you get there.
I'll get home all right now.
I'm with Terry.
Which side are you with?
They play pretty rough.
Thanks.  Steel pipes and baseball bats.
I think we're O.K.
Things 're lookin' up on the docks, huh, Jackie?
None of your business.
What makes him so special?
Give it to me— my Pop's job—
Oh, I thought you was gonna go to work— with all them muscles. 
Let me by.
Where you goin'?
Pop!
You are like—
Pop, don't think I'm not feeling grateful for all you've done to get me an education and shelter me from this.  But now my eyes are open. I see things I know are so wrong how can I go back and keep my mind on things that are only in books and that people aren't living? I'm staying, Pop. And I'm going to keep on trying to find out who's guilty for Joey. I'd walk home with a dozen Terry Malloys if I thought they could help me. I tell you I'm staying, Pop. Pop starts to pull his belt out of his trousers.
See this arm? It's two inches longer 'n the other one. That's years of workin' and sweatin', liftin' and swingin' a hook. And every time I heisted a box or a coffee bag I says to myself—this is for Edie, so she can be a teacher or somethin' decent. I promised your mother. You better not let her down.
And learn about charity and justice and all the other things people would rather talk about than practice? Pop goes up to her and holds out his two arms, his right one closer to Edie; he trembles with emotion.
You think we kept you out in Tarrytown just to have you go walkin' with a corner saloon hoodlum like Terry Malloy? Now get back to Tarrytown, before I put a strap to you.
He wanted to see me again.
Six-toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's the same difference. Well don't think this Terry Malloy is any six-toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell he still goes into action.
He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .
A look in his eyes! Hold your hats, brother, here we go again. You think he's one of those cases you're always draggin' in and feelin' sorry for. Like the litter of kittens you had—the only one she wants to keep has six toes and it's cockeyed to boot. Look at him. The bum! And the crush you had on that little Abyssinian... .
He tries to act tough, but there's a look in his eyes that... .
I'm not trying to tell you he's Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?
Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat.
Who is he, Pop?
Edie, for years we pushed quarters into a cookie jar, to keep you up there with the Sisters, and to keep you from things like I just seen out the window. My own daughter arm-in-arm with Terry Malloy. You know who Terry Malloy is?
Pop, I'm not ready to go back yet.
You're all packed.  And here's your bus ticket. You're on your way back to St. Anne's.
I can? Okay.  Okay...
You can!
Johnny Friendly is layin' odds that you won't get up.
...walk?
A bum. Look what you're doing. You want to be brave? Firing lead into another man's flesh isn't brave. Any bum who picks up a .45 in a pawn shop can be that brave. You want to hurt Johnny Friendly? You want to fix him for what he did to Charley— and a dozen men who were better than Charley? Don't fight him like a hoodlum down here in the jungle. That's just what he wants. He'll hit you in the head and plead self-defense. Fight him tomorrow in the courtroom— with the truth as you know it—  Truth is the gun— Drop that thing and tell the truth— a more dangerous weapon than this little —  —cap pistol.
Take your hands off me. What you call me?
You go to—
What did you say?
You go to hell.
Give me that gun.
Why don't you go and chase yourself?
This is my business.
Mind your own business, Father.
Your gun.
What do you want from me, Father.
Now don't give me a hard time.
You got eyes. I'm right in front of you.
I want to see you, Terry.
Is that all you've got to say to me, Father?
Good luck.
Conscience... .  I didn't even know I had one until I met you and Edie... this conscience stuff can drive you nuts.
Ball games! Don't break my heart! I wouldn't care if he gave you a life pass to the Polo Grounds. So you got a brother. Well, let me tell you something you got some other brothers— and they're all getting the short end while your cousin Johnny gets mustard on his face at the Polo Grounds. If I was you—  — Listen, I'm not asking you to do anything, Terry. It's your own conscience that's got to do the asking.
But it's my own brother they're askin' me to finger— and Johnny Friendly. His mother and my mother was first cousins. When I was this high he took me to the ball games... .
How much is your soul worth if you don't?
If I spill, my life won't be worth a nickel.
A question of who rides who.
It's like carrying a monkey around on your back.
Edie. The Commission. Your subpoena. I know you got a subpoena.
About Edie?
What are you going to do?
—It started as a favor— for my brother— you know they'd ask me things and it's hard to say no— a favor— Who am I kiddin'? They call it a favor but it's do it or else. And this time the favor turned out to be helping them knock off Joey. I just thought they'd lean on him a little but— Last night with Edie I wanted to tell her only it— stuck in my throat. I guess I was scared of drivin' her away— and I love her, Father. She's the first thing I ever loved.
I'll find you a priest.
But you've got to listen to me.
Tell it to me in there and my lips are sealed. But if I dig it out myself I can use it where it'll do the most good.
I don't get it!
I don't want to hear it in there.
But you're the one I want to tell— what you said over Nolan— about keepin' silent when you know the score— I'm guilty— you hear me? I'm guilty... .
Someone else c'n take your confession.
What's the matter? I've got something That's chokin' me. I've gotta get it out.
Well, I had my fun, I've drunk my fill and I tickled some good-lookin' fillies— I'm on borried time.
So help me God!
Down to the wire?
And I still say you stand up and I'll stand up with you.
Baseball bats— that's just for openers. They'll put the muscle on you, turned-around collar or no turned-around collar.
I'll go down the line, Kayo, believe me.
If I stick my neck out, and they chopped it off, would that be the end of it? Or are you ready to go all the way?
What do you think?
Are you on the level, Father?
You still call it ratting?
But you still hold out for silence?
Those blood suckers. How I'd love to fix those babies but—
Nice fellows.
Yeah, considerin' they was usin' my head for a baseball!
You all right, Nolan?
Deef 'n dumb. Somethin' c'n happen right in front of our noses and we don't see nothin'. You know what I mean. No matter how much we hate the torpedoes we don't rat.
D 'n D?
Father, one thing you got to understand. On the dock we've always been D 'n D.
Now listen, if you know who the pistols are, if you see them on the dock every day, are you going to keep still until they cut you down one by one?  Are you? Are you? How about you, Nolan?
Have a seat. I'm trying to find out just what happened to Joey Doyle. Maybe you can help.
Who asked him here?
Sure... .
Where you going? I'll walk along with you.
Yeah, really!
Really?
Looping right! I never swung wild. I was strictly a short puncher— hooks— over 'n under—  — whop-whop!
Well, I better get going. Hit those stairs again.  Was that a looping right or an uppercut the first time you caught him?
Yeah?
Yeah. My own blood— and they sell me out for a lousy bet— I had it in me to hit the top and—  Boy, if I wanted to, the things I could tell you about them guys— 
I'll never forget it. I thought it was all over.
Remember the first round how I had him against the ropes, and—
I'm just resting my feet.
Listen, this ain't for publication.
Such as what?
Yeah. Johnny Friendly and my brother had other ideas.
You sure looked it. Something go wrong?
If I licked him I would have had the title shot instead of him— boy, I was ready that night.
I think you could have.
You want to know something— I would have taken Wilson—
I thought you were going to take him that night but...
Wilson— yeah—  yeah— I fought Wilson.
Didn't I see you fight in the Garden one night three or four years ago? With a fellow called Wilson?
Well, it'll be worth it if we can tell the waterfront story the way the people have a right to hear it. Don't you think?
I guess it's pretty tough work at that.
Not exactly. Just thought I'd sit down and rest my dogs a minute.  You know the next investigation we get into I hope it's got buildings with elevators in them. This one has been nothing but climbing stairs. And when we hit the top ßoor the folks are usually out.
You looking for me?
You know what you're askin'? You're askin'—
You can bring a lawyer if you wish. And you're privileged under the Constitution to protect yourself against questions that might implicate you in any crimes.
I told you I don't know nothin' and I ain't saying nothin'.
Be at the State House, Courtroom Nine, at ten o'clock tomorrow.
What?
You're being served with a subpoena, Mr. Malloy.
Take it easy.
Never will be much too soon.
I don't know nothing.
We're getting ready to hold public hearings on waterfront crime and underworld infiltration of longshore unions.
Waterfront— Crime— Commission— ?  What's that?
Our identification.
O.K. O.K. Without the bird seed. What do you want?
I thought I recognized you. Saw you fight in St. Nick's a couple of years ago.
What about it?
You're Terry Malloy, aren't you?
You'd be off the pier for good.
... .and you'll tell Johnny Friendly.
Raise a hand to me and... .
I ought to belt you one, J.P.
You'll work.
Some chance at ten percent a week! And if he don't borrow, he don't work.
Oh me and my chum are just rolling in the stuff. We only work down here for a hobby, J.P. 
Condolences. How you fixed for cabbage this mornin'?
Doyle.  Joey Doyle's... .?  ... .You're his... .
Didn't you recognize him, dopey. That's Old Man Doyle.
Gimme the names, I'll write 'em down in me little book.
How do you like them jokers? Taking me for a pigeon.
My ain't we touchy this morning?
I told you lay off.
What's the matter wit' you, success gone to ya head?
O.K., O.K., That's enough.
You're doin' lovely, Terry, very lovely.
But I ain't out. I'm in. I'm in. Who's lying to who?
You was our first Supreme Commander, Terry. Keep out of sight and I'll tell him you're out.
Yeah— us Golden Warriors.  You're a good kid, Jimmy, a good tough kid. We stick together, huh, kid?
You was a Golden Warrior.
Yeah, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. You don't think I should turn him in... .
A cheese-eater!  You're kidding!
Jimmy, suppose I knew something, say a mug somebody put on somebody... .  You think I should turn him in?
He's got his nerve, gum-shoeing around here after what you told him.
Looking for me?
Hey, Terry, guess who's here... that joker from the Commission... .
Yeah, once they're mated they stay together all their lives until one of 'em dies.
Better.
My lead bird. He's always on that top perch.
She's a he. His name is Swifty.
Be sure they got enough water.
I wonder how long she's goin' to hang around, huh, Terry?
Yeah, yeah, I was awake anyway so I figured—  They got it made. Eat all they want— fly around like crazy— sleep side by side— and raise gobs of squabs.
Boy, you must've been up early.
's all right, kid. I took care of 'em myself this morning.
—I was gonna feed 'em, Terry.
First things first.
You ought to go home and take care of that—
Easy. Easy, boy.
No advice. Just whiskey.
Listen, kid, why don't you go home before Johnny... .
Hit me again.
What's wrong with your shoulder?
Keep the advice. Give me the whiskey.
Take it easy now, Terry.
Give me a double.
No?
No.
Is Johnny in?
I'll see you on the roof.
I'll bring him up to your loft.
Well I got to watch myself these days. Know what I mean?
He followed my birds into their coop. Here, you want him?
Yeah? Must be Danny-boy. I lost him in the last race.
Hey look-
Terry?  What do you want?
Gimme.
I— I musta counted wrong, boss, I—
Hey, Terry, front and center.
Forty-five bills.
Stow the receipt. I'll take the cash.
Easy, that new checker faked the receipt. Here it is, boss. 
Hey, Skins—  --get away with that sheet metal all right?
Come on. I want you. You're mine. You're mine! Come on!
From where you stand, maybe. But I'm standing over here now. I was rattin' on myself all them years and didn't know it, helpin' punks like you against people like Pop and Nolan an'... .
You ratted on us, Terry.
I'm glad what I done today, see? You give it to Joey, you give it to Nolan, you give it to Charley who was one of your own. You thought you was God Almighty instead of a cheap— conniving—good-for-nothing bum! So I'm glad what I done— you hear me? —glad what I done!
Go on talkin'. You're talkin' yourself right into the river. Go on, go on... .
You want to know something? Take the heater away and you're nothin'— take the good goods away, and the kickback and the shakedown cabbage away and the pistoleros—  —away and you're a great big hunk of nothing—  Your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger!
I said beat it! At the right time I'll catch up with you. Be thinkin' about it.
You want to know somethin'—?
Go on— beat it. Don't push your luck.
Listen, Johnny—
You want to know the trouble with you? You think it makes you a big man if you can give the answers.
Now just a minute, I—
Guts! A crummy pigeon who's looking to get his neck wrung!  You should have  You should have known better than to trust this punched out brother of yours. He was all right hanging around for laughs. But this is business. I don't like goofoffs messing in our business.
I got it. Hot off the press.
How'd you get that.
He don't, huh?  Well, he knows thirty-nine pages worth of our operation.
You mean Kayo Nolan, the old timer? He doesn't know much.
Oh, he did. Half an hour later a certain Timothy J. Nolan went into secret session with the Commission and he did all the talking.
It was a big nothing! The Father did all the talking.
Nothing happened, he says. Some operator you got yourself there, Charley. One more like him and we'll all be wearing striped pajamas.
Nothing happened, Johnny.
I thought you were gonna keep an eye on that church meeting.
Aw, Johnny... .
It must have been once too often. I think your brains come apart. What you got up there, Chinese bells?
By way of Chicago?
I— I was just on my way up, Johnny.
Thanks, Johnny... .
Go on— a little present from your Uncle Johnny.  And Mac, tomorra mornin' when you shape the men put Terry in the loft. Number one. Every day.  Nice easy work. Check in and goof off on the coffee bags. O.K.?
Naw, thanks, Johnny, I don't want it, I—
You come from Green Point? Go back to Green Point. You don't work here no more.  Here, kid, here's half a bill. Go get your load on.
Well, no, Johnny, I just thought I should've been told if—
—Do you?
Takin' over this local, you know it took a little doin'. Some pretty tough fellas were in the way. They left me this—  —to remember them by.
I know, Johnny, I know... .
OK— skip it, Einstein. How come you never got no education like the rest of us?
Thirty-six— sev— aah I lost the count.
My favorite little cousin.
Not a dent.  Perfect
Shut up. I like the kid.  Remember the night he took Farella at St. Nick's, Charley. We won a bundle. Real tough. A big try.
It's good for you. Develops your mind.
Aw, you know I don't like to count, Johnny.
Count this.
Don't hit me, now, don't hit me!
So-so, Johnny.
H'ya, slugger, how they hangin'?
Not that free.
I can look at her, can't I? It's a free country.
She's off limits for bums like you. Leave her alone.
I was only talkin' to her.
You know what I mean. Leave her alone.
What do you mean?
You got some nerve.
Look who says bum!
I can't believe it— a small fortune.   You can't buy me— you're still a bum!  'Bye, Edie. Lord have mercy on Joey. 
Yeah, yeah— Here's half a buck, go have yourself a ball.
One little dime you don't need.  I know you— you're Edie Doyle. Your Brother's a saint—  –only one ever tried to get me my compensation.
Coffee, that's a laugh. His belly is used to nothing but rotgut whiskey.
A dime. One thin dime for a cup of coffee.
Thanks for nothing, you bum.
Don't give me that coffee, you rummy. Now blow!
A dime, Terry, a dime for a cup of coffee?
Go on, beat it!
Tippi-tippi-tim, tippi-tim, Tippi-tippi-tan, tippi-tan...  Gotta dime for a crippled-up docker?
I wonder how many Hail Marys the Father'll make me say at confession.  It'll be worth it! The pallet is loaded now. Terry turns and approaches Nolan.
Definitely! Nolan, my boy, you're a walkin' distillery.
I was afraid one bottle might get lonely by itself.  Now you see the advantage of a little man in a big coat.
Patrick, me lad, I'm ahead of you.
You think one bottle's enough for all them toasts?
When we knock off let's have a bit of a party. We'll drink to God and Ireland, its whiskey and its women, to Joey and Edie—  and death to tyrants everywhere... .!
You see, Kayo, the good Lord watches over us after all.
Nolan, me lad, ye're dreamin' again.
A banana boat. It would be bananas.  One of these days me ship's comin' in from Ireland,  God love 'er, loaded to the gunnels with sweet Irish whiskey!
Nolan... .
What are you down here for— to see we don't make off with any of Mister Friendly's precious cargo?
Listen— Nolan—
One of these days.
Maybe I will— one of these days.
Go ask him, why don't you ? Ask him yourself.
You don't think he'd be— helpful?
Keep Charley out of this.
The brother of Charley the Gent. They'll help us get to the bottom of the river.
