I do not joke in my proposal.
Leave her alone, I tell you!
..Oh, You could do nothing!  I can save you much pain.
If I could get my hands on you...
Fiend is it!  You will not be so fortunate.  Your existence will cease within moments.  No one wishes to see a man dance...  And you, my dear, will entertain for centuries to come.
Leave her alone, you fiend!
Of course I do.
You love me then?
There's nothing to forgive. It was all a dream.
I love you Bob. I really do. Forgive me?
Maybe so.
<i>Him!</i>  I'll bet he sleeps with all the lights on.
My old boyfriend Tommy would never have gotten me in a mess like this.  At least <i>he's</i> got brains.
All right.  Put it on heavy.
I still don't know what ever made me go steady with a crackpot writer like you.
I don't know, yet.  We'll just have to watch our chance. When it comes I'll know what to do--I hope I'll know what to do.
What can we do against them?
I've got the ropes loose now. I've got my hands free.  Be careful--Don't change your expression too much.  They must not catch on.
...And I thought you loved me.
Yes, that sudden.  If it weren't for you we wouldn't be hunting for an old cemetery on a night like this.  It's all your fault.
That sudden?
I should hope not.  I hate you!
They wouldn't dare put us in the same grave-- <b>or would they?</b>
Oh, no I'm not.  These heathens probably have an open grave for us.
You're talking nonsense.
Yes I feel it in my bones.
You do?
Be careful, oh please be careful.  We'll never get out of here alive, I know it.  I just feel it.
Hold on just a little longer, Shirley.
I'm frightened.  I'm so frightened.
My guess is if we don't take the chance pretty soon, we're not going to have much life left anyway.
Nothing is worth your life.
I am--It's our only chance.
Be careful!
The ropes are coming loose.
Whatever you do, don't do that.
I'm afraid I'll faint.
Easy Shirley, Easy!  Panic won't do us any good!  Let me think. We've got to stall for time.
I don't know.  I just don't know. But don't give up. We're not finished yet.
What can we do?
Don't let them hear you.
Those creatures..!
You've got a right to be. We're trapped by a bunch of fiends.
I'm so frightened.
Be careful!--They'll see you.
Look!
I'm not sure, myself. It's just a feeling I've had since the crash...Like I feel a cold chill all over.. ..Now this!
What do you mean?
I'm not sure...
Can't we get out of here?
It's an initiation all right, but not of a college as you and I know them.  Nothing alive looks like that!
Could it be some kind of college initiation?
Well, it's probably just the caretaker, and that's exactly who we want to find.  They'll have a telephone.  C'mon.
I can't imagine anything dead playing that music.
Not dead?  In a cemetery?
What help will that do if something in there isn't dead?
All right.  Don't worry, I'll be right beside you.
I'm not sure I care to find out what it is.
Something's making that music.
What help can we possibly find in the cemetery at this time of night?
That's what I want to find out. We have to get help.
Then..then what's that music?
Silly, there's nothing in there to be afraid of.
It frightens me.
In there.
Where?
Well we certainly can't stay here. C'mon.
Okay.
I'm getting the jitters! Let's turn back!
There's an old cemetery on this road. I've been there before.
Well, fact or not, I don't see how we're going to find an ancient cemetery in these mountains tonight.  I can't see a thing!  Let's turn back.
All of my books are based on fact, or legend.  Thats perhaps why they're more interesting and sell in the top spots.
Who's to say my monsters aren't alive?
That's life.  My kisses are alive.
Your puritan upbringing holds you back from my monsters, but it certainly doesn't hurt your art of kissing.
Shirley, I wrote for years without selling a single word.
But horror stories!  Why all the time horror stories?
Sure there are--and I've tried them all.  Plays, love stories, westerns, dog stories.  Huh, now there was a good one, that dog story all about--
But there're so many wonderful things to write about, Bob.
You wouldn't understand.  Seeing a cemetery on a night like this can stir in the mind the best ideas for a good horror story.
But does it have to be in a cemetery?
No.  It's on a night like this when the best ideas come to mind.
We sure picked the wrong night to find a cemetery.  Let's turn back.
Now hurry, hurry.  I will watch!  Your desires may be my pleasure also...Our fitting climax to an evening's enter- tainment.  You must...hurry now.
Thank you, Master!  Thank you.
You better hope there is.
Is there time?
You may take her now.
You mean...!
Your pleasures of course!
For what!?!
The time...is short.
All others were but infinitessimal bits of fluff, compared to <i>her</i>  This one would have <i>died</i> for feathers, furs, and fluff...and so she did!
Hahh, there is always time... All in good time...there is <b>always</b> time.  You shall have your pleasure.  <b>THAT</b>... I <i>decree</i>
Oh, if there is only time!
There is yet time.  Don't you want your own pleasure?
The <b>moon</b> is almost <b>gone!</b>
Then cancel my order.
You had the mummy cancel all the others scheduled for this session.
I will decide the conclusion.
The moon sinks lower into the hills!  We must hurry to the finish.
Well then let us proceed.
There are others.
Then see that it does not happen again, in the penalty of Everlasting Despair.  Now are there others?
I understand, Master
Your own pleasure comes only after mine, when I desire it. I am the Sole Ruler of the Dark World.  There is no one to challenge my authority here. My word is the law--all powerful. <b>No one</b> is to challenge that authority, <b>no one!</b>.  Is that understood?  It is my command.
I would have time for my own pleasures!
I know the laws of the night. I state there is still time for yet another.
At the first sight of the morning's rays' light...
Ahh, there is yet time.
The moon is almost gone!
At your discretion...But first, I desire more entertainment.
When!?
Ahh, she will be yours.
Well?
The Princess of Darkness would have you for her own to join us through extreme pain.  Yet I am inclined for one as lovely as you, to be more lenient. I have but to touch you with my finger, and it would mean the end of you, all over, quickly and painlessly...
She is to be <b>mine!</b>  It is so spoken!
Ahh, but I declare there is still time for <i>some</i>thing.
It would seem so, Master
I suppose most of the others will have to wait for their judgement until after the next full moon.
At the first sight of the morning sun's rays, we must be gone.
Yes, yes yes I know all that.
As you wish, Master
Now, I will talk...to The Wolf Man...and The Mummy.
She pleases me.  Permit her to live in the World of the Snakes. 
It would seem so, Master.
Oh, yes, a religion of sorts.
As I said, a worshipper of snakes, and of smoke, and flames.
She was?
Her dance has pleased me.
El Dia De Los Muertos...A celebration in her country.
She came to us on the Day of the Dead.
She loved the bull ring and the matador.  She danced to their destruction. Now she dances to her own destruction.  Her dance is of skulls.
What kind of symbol?
A symbol, Master.
...And what is this?
Tie them that they may watch.
A situation easily remedied.
But they are not yet one of us.
Yes, sir, Master.
Ahh, good.  Then I will see them.  Dismiss the rest.
There are one or two which should complement the night's entertainment, Master
You are the keepers of the Damned.  You two know them all. And I am tired of this usual type of entertainment. I want...a decided change.
Then it is some service you desire of us.
Aaaahhhh.
Well rest easy, I'm not angry with either of you.
It's not often an Emperor like <i>you</i> calls on creatures like us.
Then why do you shake so?
We don't know of anything, Master...
You know better than that.
Have we in some way made you angry, Master?
Yes, Master, and we caught them, him and me.
Live ones where only the dead should be?
Yes, Master.
They are live ones?
I repulse you?  Very well.  It seems you have chosen your own fate. Live with it!  I should say <b>die</b> with it!
No. No! No!
You need not worry...Not just now, anyway.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
I have promised both The Wolf Man and The Mummy a reward.  It could be that <b>you</b> are that reward.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.
I'm so frightened.
Ahh, the curiousity of youth... on the road to ruin!  May it ever be so adventurous!
Without the snake, of course.
Ahh hahahhnnn hahnnn!
I could make her another Cleopatra...
I can't remember doing anything wrong either.
Aannnnaahhnn.
Did you howl off-key at the moon again?
Aannnnaahhnn.
Did you do something to get us into trouble again?
Aaaaannnnnuuunnnuhhhhh?
What do you suppose for?
Aaahhnnnahnnnn.
He wants us.
Aaarrrgggaahh.
When I was alive, they were the things nightmares were made of.
Aahhhhnnnaaahahnn. AaaaaahhhhoooWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
We had lots of snakes in my ancient Egypt...slimy, slinky things.
Aaaahhhhnnnahhhnnnggnnn.
Hurt her?  Hell, it killed her!
Aaaaahhnnnhaaaaaannnhhh?
I don't like snakes.  I remember the one Cleopatra used.  Cute little rascal until it flicked out that red tongue, and those two sharp fangs.  You'd never think such a little thing packed such a big wallop.
