He did, huh.  Well, tell Buddy I see Glenn wearing his sunglasses I'll step on 'em.  I might not even take 'em off first.
Yeah, that's him.  Buddy says Glenn thinks you guys are real cool.
Glenn Michaels.
Well, seeing as you have so much luck with cars, Buddy thought it might be better to bring two.  He got this guy he says you know from Lompoc, Glenn something.
What're you talking about?
And the one driving the other car?
Listen, Adele, the reason I called, that party is today instead of Sunday. About eight-thirty, like only a few hours from now.  So you'll have to get hold of Buddy, whatever he might be doing...
Emil the Amazing.  The bastard fired me and hired another girl, a redhead. I'm working on a new business card, pass out to the cafes.  How's this sound--
What happened to Mandrake the Magician?
What's free about it?  I'm looking for work.
Listen to Miss Smarty Mouth.  Out there in the free world.
So why don't you come right out and tell me what you're talking about?
I said not as a rule.
Didn't you tell me one-time calls aren't monitored?
You know that Super Bowl party?  They changed the date.  It's on <u>tonight</u>, eight-thirty.
Till it's not funny any more.  What do you want, Jack?
That's funny, Adele.  How many more times you gonna gimme that one?
Tell me, how do you do that?
Yes.
You do the sawing of the box in half trick with you inside?
Yes.
What?!
Lie face down on the floor.
Who is it?
I want to speak with you, please.
Uh-- sorry.  Wrong number.
Yes, it is.
Oh, is this Adele?
Thank you.
You're good.
Who are you?
Ask him his name.
Any idea where I could find Buddy?  Or Glenn?
That wasn't Jack's fault.  No, that was on account of Buddy, for some reason, decided to call his sister and confess to a job <u>before</u> they'd done it instead of after.  She called the FBI and they both went down, ended up at Lompoc.  I think Buddy felt kinda bad about that.
Till they got busted.
Jack came out of a bank he just robbed in Pasadena, couldn't get his stolen car to start.  Battery was dead.  He looks over, sees Buddy sitting in a burgundy Bonneville, goes up, offers him a thousand dollars for a jump. Turns out, Buddy was casing the same bank and saw the whole thing.  Buddy says, I'll take the thousand, but we're leaving in my car, not that piece of shit you come in.  They musta robbed fifty banks together.
Buddy'll take care of him.  Keep him out've trouble.  He's Jack's conscience. Always has been.  He tell you how they met?
Adele, sooner or later, he's gonna get caught.  I'd like to get him before he does something else, makes it worse on himself.
Really.  Hm.
I'll say one thing for Jack, he was never ugly or mean, or drank too much. He was very considerate, lights on or off, if you know what I mean.
He said he was a card player.  I could live with that.  I never knew he robbed banks till he got busted with that car that caught fire -- if you can imagine something like that happening, comes out of the bank and the car's on fire. I did go see him in jail to tell him I was filing for divorce.  He said, "Okay."  Jack's so easy going.  He was fun, but never what you'd call a real husband.
Did you know that when you married him?
Huh.  Problem is, Jack's idea of a normal life is robbing banks.  It's all he's ever done.
He said he wished the two of you could start over, live a normal life.
He did?  I don't remember.  Did he say about me?  In the trunk?
He called the day he escaped.
He'd call every once in a while.
But you spoke to him on the phone.
I don't know.  He was different after he was sentenced, looking at thirty years.  Said it depressed him every time the younger cons called him an old timer.
Why not?
He didn't want me to.
You didn't visit him in prison.
He gets that way when he's nervous sometimes.
You mean, did he try to jump me?  No, but he was kind of talkative.
He didn't hurt you or anything, did he?
No, thanks.
I'm getting ready to go out.  You can come in if you want, sit down for a minute.  Would you like a Diet Coke?
I know a Glenn.
But you know what I'm talking about, don't you?  About Glenn, don't you, and the second car?
They didn't <i>tell</i> me anything, they asked questions.
The FBI didn't tell you I was with them?
From Glades to the turnpike.  Then I left with Glenn.
You were <i>both</i> in the trunk?  Together?
Why you want to do that, to a frien'?
Go away, or I'll call the police.
Listen, I'm the one help Jack escape from prison.  He tole me, I can't find him to see you.  So why don't you open this fucking door.  Okay?  So we can speak.
I don't know where he is.
Tell me where is Jack Foley, I don't bother you no more.
Wait in the hall!  I have to get dressed!
Listen to me.  I'm a good friend of Jack Foley.
I'm not dressed.
Yes, around here.  I was a mayishan in Cuba before I come here.  Manuel the Mayishan was my name.
You say you perform in the Miami area?
His assistant.
You were his what, his box?
Yeah, I was Emil's box-jumper for almost four years.
You did work for Emil, right?
Oh.  Uh-huh.
I talk to the guy you work for, Emil. He tole me your number and where you live.  See, I'm looking for an assistant and would like to speak to you.
Yes.
Adele?  You in there?
Listen, Buddy, the shit that's about to go down, you'll be on the phone with your sister for a month.  Let me do this part alone.
Jack --
No, you dump the van, meet me at the airport. I'll take one of Ripley's cars.
I'll go with you.
I'm going back inside.
All you gotta do is get in.
We made it, didn't we?
At least.
And then they'll kill 'em.
From the looks of those boys, the Ripper too.
They're gonna rape the maid, aren't they.
What?
Shit.
Come <i>on</i>.
They sure do.
They look like plain old rocks.
Yeah, hi.  Nice house.
You remember Buddy, don't you, Richard?
They found the safe.
Stay with the maid.  I'm gonna have a look around.
I don't ski.
You ever wear one of these?
I'm not leaving you alone with these assholes.
There's still time, take me up on my offer.
And who watches your back?
Getting me out of Glades for starters.
Half for doing what?
I'll make you a deal.  Get out of here. Right now.  I'll do the job with the Snoop, meet you wherever you want and give you half.
But you still think you can get the diamonds fore they do?
I get that feeling, yeah.
You know they gonna set us up.
Whatta you wanna do?
They want to go tonight, before Glenn gets in any trouble, opens his big mouth.
I don't know.
So what's that mean?  That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks?
Yeah, I did.
You find out?
It wasn't about getting laid.  I just wanted to know what might've happened if things were different.
Did you give her a jump?  If you did I might begin to understand where your head's at.
You know how I felt about her.
So how's that work, a wanted felon socializing with a U.S. Marshal?
Yes, she did.
And she saw you?
I saw Karen Sisco.
It took you, what, seven hours to buy a pair of shoes?
Yeah, and I better call my sister.
Listen, I gotta get some better shoes, few other things before tomorrow.  Why don't you drop me off at the Ren Cen, we'll hook up later?
They put a gun on you, you still have a choice, don't you?
They put a gun on you, you'll go back.
You might not have a choice.
Yeah, it's called Glades Correctional Institution and I'm sure as shit not going back there or any place like it.
My sister believes in fate, but not hell.  That's why she stopped praying for the lost souls since you don't hear that much about purgatory anymore. But every day she asks her boss to pray I don't fuck up.  Whatta you think, you think there's a hell, Jack?
Let fate decide?  What're you, the fuckin' Dali Lama now?
I mean, they don't know for sure he's dead.  Look, there's always a chance we'll walk out've there with nothing.  I say let fate decide.
What about that D.B. Cooper guy?
Tell me something, Buddy.  You know anyone who's actually done one last big score and gone to live the good life?  Cause it occurred to me that everyone <u>talks</u> about doing it, but I don't know anyone who's actually gone and <u>done</u> it.  Do you?
Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life.
Who says anybody's gonna be with us? I say we go to the fights tomorrow, find out what the Snoop's big plan is, then go in ahead of those guys -- <u>alone</u>.
Yeah?  You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us?
Time comes, we knock on the door.  See if he wants to talk about old times. Go in the easy way.
No doubt the man's got some big-ass security system.
Jesus, look at that wall.  Place almost looks like a prison.
Now that's a really big house.
Let's drive by where we're meeting and have a look.  Maybe take a look at Ripley's place while we're at it.
Forget about my sister.  If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked. Tomorrow night at the fights we all get picked up.
You didn't tell your sister about Ripley, did you?  'Cause I don't wanna go through that again.
Forty-five minutes.
How long were you with the girl?
Two hours.
How long you talk to her?
Just hung up.
You tell your sister about it?
They don't stay the night, Jack, 'less you pay for it.
I think she's after Glenn.  The girl still with you?
She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather.
Doesn't say what she's doing up here, but I don't think it has anything to do with us.
Outside of that.
What's he do now, tell fortunes?
Is that Snoopy?  In the purple doo rag?
Or two.
I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner.
Whatta you think?
Love is funny.
"Fight over tuna casserole may have spurred slaying."  Seems this woman's live-in boyfriend, seventy years old, complained about her tuna noodle casserole and she shot him in the face with a twelve-gauge.  Police found noodles in the woman's hair and think the guy dumped the casserole dish on her before she shot him.  They'd been together ten years.
She just sat there, looking right at me.
They know where I live, I guess they know what I drive, so maybe we should pick up another car on the way.
He isn't fighting no more.  Glenn told me the Snoop's been managing some guys up there now, works out at the Kronk.
Snoopy.  Christ, I thought he'd be brain dead by now.
Remember Snoopy Miller, his old pal from Lompoc?
Well, first off, if you were Glenn, you wouldn't be thinking.
I been thinkin', if I was Glenn, I was up there to take down the Ripper, where would I go?
First thing we do, we get to Detroit, we find Glenn, then we find a window to throw him out of.
Now you're talkin'.
Let's go to Detroit.
Sure looks that way.
I guess Adele's in good hands.
Uh-huh...
There.  You see the guy sitting on the porch?  The old ladies and one guy? You know they'll have a couple more in a car somewhere.
In here with my suntan lotion and beach towel.  That's her place.
You at least bring the gun?
I'm a tourist.
Nice disguise.
Shit.
And you know they're gonna have some people watching the hotel.
Her phone's probably tapped.
So call her up.  Tell her don't talk to any Cubans.
We were talking one time, drinking rum.  I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician.  Chino got interested.  He's like, Yeah?  How does he saw the woman in half?  He wanted to meet her.  Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit.
Jack?
He knows where she lives?
He's gotta know by now that I gave him up back at Glades.  He does, he's gonna try to find me.  Maybe go see Adele, see what she knows.
He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
Chino's gonna wanna talk to me.
You better come see this.
What?!
We'll leave first thing in the morning.
Longer we hang around down here, Jack, better chance there is either Glenn's gonna fuck up the whole score, or we gonna get busted, or both.
Am I going to Detroit by myself?
Think this old guy is her boyfriend? It's the only picture she carries.
You'll have to ask Glenn.  And most likely, he's on his way to Detroit, where we should be.
Yeah, but what happened after she drove off with Glenn?
Just that she got away.
Say anything in there about Karen Sisco?
Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu.
Maybe this'll make you feel better.
I wasn't feeling my best that day. I'd just drawn thirty to life.
They pass this picture around you can go anywhere you want, nobody'll know you.
Sounds great.
There's a store around the corner, I'll be right back.
I know exactly what you mean.  It's just a feeling.  You know, I could go for some wine tonight.
There's something about a nice hot bath, transforms a person.  It's not just about opening up your pores, know what I mean?  There's just something about the heat and the wet that's calming you know?  Settles me in a way that I really can't articulate.
Oh, man.
There's some lilac oil, you want some, a vanilla candle under the sink.
I've been dreaming about a hot bath for the last six months.  Soak the prison off me.
You're right.
You're just jealous it was me in the trunk with her and not you.
Cause she had her hand on her gun the whole time, waiting to make her move.
I'm just saying she wasn't scared.
You're too late, Jack.
I want to talk to her again, that's all.  See what would happen under, you know, normal circumstances.
You want to take her to my place and get cleaned up?  You come out of the bathroom with your after-shave on and she goes, "Oh, I had you all wrong"?
He ain't the problem, Jack.
I don't know why, but every time he opens his mouth I want to punch him out.
His idea?  Gimme a break.  Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head.  Was you and me figured the whole thing out.
How 'bout the score was his idea to begin with?
Why you brought Glenn into this, I'll never know.
I brought 'em, they're back at Glades in the Cadillac.  You wanted to take her car.
Wait a minute.  Let me have your raincoat.  Somebody forgot to bring me clean clothes.
The green-and-whites saw us.  One of 'em starts thinking, what's that car doing there?  Ties it to the break and turns around...
Do we need him?
Get the shotgun.  And her purse.  I'd like to know who she is.
Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there?
She's coming with us.
We may as well leave her, we're leaving the car and we gotta leave her some place anyway, what's the difference where?
Okay, honey, come on out of there.
That's the turnpike up there.  Glenn's waiting with the other car.
Where in the hell are we?
Why don't we talk about it later?
I bet that's all the hacks they send out.  Otherwise nobody's left to mind the store.
The Wall Street guy?  Oh, yeah.  I didn't recognize him without his rug.
It's Richard Ripley.
And you let them come up.  You don't try to make the bust yourself.  You understand?
Call and tell you.
Now you see Foley and this guy Bragg come in behind us, whatta you do?
You can go wait out in the car, you want to.
What?  Daniel, I wanna go upstairs.
Take the radio, stay down here in the lobby, watch the elevator.
The manager's door is metal.
Yeah, why?
You're gonna use a ram?
You're primary, you're secondary, you're point man.
They're in 7D.
You get the key?
Good.  Now forget about the ex-wife and get over to the Adams Hotel.
That's all I wanted to know.
Yeah, sure, Karen.  You bring in Chirino, you can be on the task force.
Yes or no, Daniel.  If I get him, will you let me go after Foley?
What?  Is that what you're calling me about?
Oh, I was just wondering, if I were to bring in Chirino, would you put me on the task force?
Now.  What is it you wanted to tell me?
Sure, Daniel.
But don't you <u>do</u> anything.  You just have a seat, wait for me to get there.
All right, but...
There was a Buddy Bragg at Lompoc around the same time Foley was there.  We got an address for him at the Adams Hotel in Hallandale.  I want you to go there, see if you can get the manager to i.d. him as the other guy.  If he does, you call me right away...
Yeah, I know.  I was just leaving. Why were you trying to reach me?
What-- we already talked to her.  That's a dead end.
I'm at Adele Delisi's.
Where are you?  I been trying to reach you.
Daniel.  Listen --
Karen.  Where are you?  I been trying to get a hold of you.
Shut up.
Sounds to me like he liked having you around.  I'll see you, Karen.  Mr. Sisco.
You'll have to ask him.
We'll talk another time, Karen.  All right?  I'd like to know why Foley put you in that second car when he didn't need you any more.
You have to know what you're talking about.
I have to qualify, is that it?
Have you ever shot a man?  How many times have you been primary through the door?
Karen, I've been with the Bureau fifteen years, on all kinds of investigations.
Daniel, what do you work on most of the time, fraud?  Go after crooked bookkeepers.
You say in the report Glenn didn't have a gun, but you let him get away, too.
Is that what you would've done?
The time came, you shot him.  But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him.  They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand.  You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down.  But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then?
And what happened to Carl?
Yeah, but I had enough reason to believe he did, and I told you.  So you had to at least suspect him.
When I was seeing Carl Tillman, I didn't know he robbed banks.
Foley made me think of that fella Carl Tillman, the one you were seeing, it turns out the same time he was doing banks.  You recall that?
It was an unusual experience.
This fella holds you hostage, you talk about movies?
Oh... different things, prison, movies.
What'd you talk about?
In the trunk, yeah?
You talked to him?
Really?  Huh.  He told me he didn't remember how many he robbed.
There's a couple of points I keep wondering about have to do with the two guys that grabbed you.  Buddy is it?  And this fella Jack Foley.  I swear the man must've robbed two hundred banks in his time.
Coming to the Okeechobee exit...
Yes, but I want to hear you tell it. Starting with when you tried to grab the wheel -- where was this?
Isn't that my report you're holding onto?
That's nice of you to offer, Karen, but I got all the help I can use right now.  Instead, let's talk about how you got the bump on your head.
I wanna be on the task force, Daniel.
Daniel Burdon, FBI.
Hello, Daniel.
Excuse me, Adele?
Daniel Burdon, please.  Karen Sisco.
You don't, huh?
Oh, is that right?  You going to shoot me?  Nice girl like you?  I don't think so.
You can live or die, it's up to you.
If you move, if you look at her again, you're dead.
I could walk out of here.
What do you want to bet?
You wouldn't shoot me, would you?
Put it down or I'll shoot.
Oh.  Then this must be Adele...
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest.  Put the gun on the table.  I mean, now.
Wait.  You not Adele?
Leave it where it is.
I appreciate the offer.  And it's tempting.
You see what they doing, those posts out there?  Putting up another fence, five metres on the other side of the one that's there.  We wait until Super Bowl Sunday, they could have the second fence built and we have to dig another nine, ten days.  So we going soon as it's dark.  You want -- I mean it -- you can still come.
You told me I can come 'cause I caught you digging the fuckin' tunnel, saw you and Lulu coming out of the bushes, thought maybe you two were making out.
You want, I tole you you can come. You all right, Foley.  I like you.
You were out running this morning, sticking to your routine, anybody happened to notice.  But you only did a couple of miles instead of your usual five.  Saving yourself for the main event.  Then I see you inside eating ten pounds of macaroni. Carbohydrates for endurance.
Why you think is today?
Yeah, but I see you moved it up.
I told you, man, Super Bowl Sunday.
You excited?
Wait, I know him --okay?
Karen, I told you not to--
Oh-kay...
We're a few minutes away.  Just sit tight, stay outta the house till we get there, understand?
Hello?
Come on, Raymond, I'm a federal officer, I'm armed.
That's fine, but I don't want you to talk to Miller alone.
I'll need a last known address.
Christ, I know Snoopy Miller.  He's a fuckin' wackjob thinks he's Sugar Ray Leonard.  Hangs out with a couple other Grade-A nutcases over on the West side.
Guy named Maurice Miller, also known as Snoopy, a former prizefighter.
Who was the friend?
Listen, Raymond, a year ago, DEA had this guy Glenn Michaels on possession with intent but couldn't make it stick. In his statement, Glenn said he went up to Detroit to visit a friend and look into job opportunities -- if you can believe that.
Yeah, and, as you can see, home invasions are big, too.
Detroit, you must be pretty busy.
Yeah, I'm crimes against persons and property now, also sex crimes and child abuse.
No, I didn't know that.
You know, I'm not in homicide any more.
I report to the FBI, first thing they're gonna do is ask me to go get some coffee.
Other than we had so much fun the last time we worked together.  You gonna tell me why you're comin' to me instead of the FBI?
Yonelle.  Looks like someone raped her, shot her, then threw her out the window.  Fuckin' animals.
Yeah.  I saw one of 'em outside.
Yeah, Eddie was a real character.  Had these girls cooked the rocks he called the Rockettes.
What is it with crack and transsexuals?
Dude in the dress is Eddie Solomon, used to buy scag off a corner till he kicked it and found his happiness with crack and then started dealing himself. Word on the street was he was saving up for an operation.
Who?
Yeah.  And I thought everyone liked Eddie.
Quite a mess.
Freezing.  But I'm getting warmer.
How are you, Raymond?
Ironic, isn't it?
You're right.  So why take a chance--
This kind of setup, you don't have any idea what the fuck you're doing -- do you?
A little.
Nervous?
Not until recently.
Jack, you don't use a gun, do you?
Someone down here?
Good luck, Richard.
I've seen 'em used on TV.
You know how to use one a these?
Hey.  You learn from doing.
That's a wonderful story, Snoop.  I'm very excited about tonight.
Takes the TV, the VCR, some other shit and leaves his wallet on the floor.
Shit, yeah.  White Boy even got busted for it.  White Boy, tell these boys the reason you went down on that burglary that time.
So you've done this before, huh?
Break and enter, shit.  Take it and git, how it's done.  Don't waste any time.  That's how you do it.
That what they're wearing these days to break and enter?
I wasn't asking permission.
You got two minutes, that's all.  Make up your mind.
Give me a minute, talk to Buddy.
Soon as we leave here.  Stop home and pick up what we need and go do it.
I thought everything.
Look, what you worried about Glenn for?  What's he know?
Snoop, if you don't know where Glenn is...
The fuck you talking about?
We're leaving.
Reggie, push off and hit, man.  Push him off.
Your homie, Glenn.  Only thing, he went to the men's about a while ago and never came back.
Who's sitting here?
Warm?  Man, it's ninety-five degrees in here, sometimes a hundred -- the way Emanuel always kep' it so his boys'd sweat, get lean and mean like Tommy Hearns.  No, I ain't talking any business in here.  To me this is holy ground, man.  You understand?  I got to be someplace anyway.  Y'all want to talk, come to the fights tomorrow night, we'll sit down and look at it good. The State Theater.
What's the matter with right here? It's nice and warm.
Let's go outside and talk.
Look, Snoop, I don't know what Glenn promised you or what you think you're gonna get, but the deal is me and Buddy get half of whatever we take from Ripley, understand?  How you and Glenn cut up the rest is up to you.
Glenn didn't tell you?
Just like it.  Nobody backing down. You back down, you pussy.  Tell me what you and Buddy doing up here in the cold?
Like being back in the yard, huh?
Low class of people there, Snoop.
It seems to me I been reading about you in the newspaper.  Busted out of some joint in Florida, huh?
Snoopy Miller, famous fight thrower.
Thirty-two outta what, twenty?
Himey here's a pro-toh-jay of mine. He's ranked number thirty-two in the federal prison system.
I don't smoke.
This doesn't concern you, Foley.  Why don't you go on out to the yard, have yourself a smoke?
Another C.
I bet.  How much?
Company, shit.  I watch the man's back.
How much for your company at chow?
That's right.
Yeah, I got a problem.  This is the dumbest fucking shakedown in the history of dump shakedowns.  Three hundred bucks for a pillow?
Yeah.
There a problem, Foley?
Sign says "Shut the fuck up."  Or can't you guys read?
You know what I mean.
You just did, for Christ sake.
I'm sorry, Jack, but I can't shoot you.
I told you, I'm not going back.
What're you now, a desperado?  Put the guns down.
If you don't, one of those guys will.
You think I'd shoot you?
Pretend I'm somebody else.
Come on, Jack -- don't.
You know.
I'm trying not to.  I just wanna know what's gonna happen.
You getting serious on me now?
I don't know about that.  You can't do three falls and think you have much of a brain.
You're not dumb.
I don't know.
What about <i>my</i> motive?  Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal.  You think I will?
Or I did it for some kind of kinky thrill.  Score with a bank robber the way some women go for rough trade.
Why are you mad?
I want you to know something.  I wasn't looking for just a fuck, if that's what you're thinking.
I'm just going to the bathroom.
You coming back?
Don't talk like that, okay?  You scare me.
No, you're right.  Or Buddy.  I won't ask if he's with you or what you're doing here in Detroit.  Or if you've run into Glenn Michaels yet.
I don't think we should get into that.
So she did help you?
To warn her about Chino.
You were going to see her?
Outside Adele's.
Where?
You know I saw you on the street.
Really?  I was thinking the same thing. If we could call time and get together for a while.
I couldn't believe it.  I was thinking of you by then, a lot, wondering what it would be like if we did meet.  Like if we could take a time-out...
I wasn't sure you caught that.
You waved to me in the elevator.
I don't know.  I hadn't worked that part out yet.  All I knew was that I liked you, and I didn't want to leave you there, never see you again.
What were you gonna do with me?
Why not?
You believe that?
I hear he didn't mean to.  The cop fell as Dillinger was aiming at his leg and got him through the heart.
He killed a police officer.
I might've smelled like a sewer, but you could tell I was a gentleman. They say John Dillinger was a pretty nice guy.
Yeah, but in a nice way.
You kept touching me, feeling my thigh.
She did, huh.
Remember how talkative you were?  In the trunk?  Adele said you do that when you're nervous.
That's not what you were about to say.
You really wear that suit.
So do you.
You like taking risks.
It would be worth the risk.
If I remembered you.  I came looking for you.  I would've said sure, let's do it.  But for all you knew I could show up with a SWAT team.  Why would you trust me?
Well, I'd say who I was and do you remember me and ask if you'd like to meet for a drink.
If I had answered, what were you gonna say?
I called your room from downstairs.
Oh, God...
Or once.
It doesn't have to, it's something that happens.  It's like seeing a person you never saw before -- you could be passing on the street -- you look at each other and for a few seconds, there's a kind of recognition.  Like you both know something.  But then the next moment the person's gone, and it's too late to do anything about it, but you remember it because it was right there and you let it go, and you think, "What if I had stopped and said something?"  It might happen only a few times in your life.
Well, does it make sense to you?
It's not a game.  Something you play.
It's your game.  I've never played this before.
I don't think it works if we're somebody else.  You know what I mean?  Gary and Celeste, Jesus, what do they know about anything?
Not yet.  Don't say anything yet.  Okay?
How far do we go with this?
No.  What do you do for a living, Gary?
Having it cleaned didn't help, huh?
It smelled.
You did?
I had one just like it -- well, it was the same idea, but I had to get rid of it.
I like your hair.  And that suit.
I don't have a problem with it.
A girl.
What, as a sales rep?
Is that how you think of yourself?
I'm a sales rep.  I came here to call on a customer and they gave me a hard time because I'm a girl.
Well, we got that out of the way.  Tell me, Celeste.  What do you do for a living?
Love it.
You like bourbon?
No, they're all right.  I meant, you just got here.
Those guys bother you?
Don't leave me.
I can go to the bar.
It takes hours to get a drink around here.  There's only one waitress.
I just thought maybe you and me could--
Whatta you mean <u>we'll</u> make it an island?
I'm partial to mountains myself.  But if you like islands, we'll make it an island.
One last score, that the idea?  Move to some island.
He's dead.  He did twenty-seven years before he came out and died not too long after in Charity Hospital, I think trying to make up for all the good times he'd missed.  That's not gonna be me.
Unless you wanna tell me.
Why?  You think he might tell you where I am?
Something I've been wondering, what ever happened to your Uncle Cully?
I can just picture that, a cute girl like you following slip-and-fall and whiplash cheaters.
My dad's retired.  He was a Private Investigator.  Forty years.  I used to work for him.
Because you're having too much fun.
Why not?
You won't do that.
There's a guy here on the task force right now.  Maybe I should put him on the phone, let you two work it out.
Sure.  I'll just leave 'em with the S.W.A.T. guy answers the door.
Let's see.  You could come on by my dad's place, drop 'em off.
How do we do that?
Think I could have them back?
And your gun.
How do you know?  Wait-- you have my wallet.
Really.  He has a cop's face.
That's my dad.
I'm just worried maybe I'm not old enough for you.
None of your business.
Who was it answered the phone?
How'd you get this number?
Yes.
You know who this is?
Shit...
Get your hands up and turn around. <u>Now</u>.
Uh-huh.  Well, but if --
I mean, romantically.
Really.
I never thought it made sense, though, the way they got together so quick.
Yeah...
With Robert Redford, when he was young.
Another one Faye Dunaway was in I liked, <i>Three Days of the Condor</i>.
You have to be kidding.
I'm just saying I think if we met under different circumstances...
You'd probably tell me.
I mean if you didn't know who I was.
Nothing.
You're sure easy to talk to.  I wonder -- say we met under different circumstances and got to talking, say you were in a bar and I came up to you -- I wonder what would happen.
It wasn't pretty after, no, but if you were in that car -- eating a sandwich -- you wouldn't have known what hit you.
Bleeding on a country road.
Yeah, right.  Anyway, that scene where Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway get shot?  I remember thinking at the time it wouldn't be a bad way to go, if you have to.
Peter Finch.
And the guy saying he wasn't gonna take any more shit from anybody...
<i>Network</i>.  Yeah, she was good.
Yeah, I liked her in that movie about TV...
Faye Dunaway.
That part in the movie where they get shot?  Warren Beatty and... I can't think of her name.
It was May, 1934, near Gibsland, Louisiana.
You're full of interesting facts, aren't you?
They put a hundred and eighty-seven bullet holes in Clyde, Bonnie Parker and the car they were driving.  Bonnie was eating a sandwich.
Is that right?
I don't recall his hat, but I've seen pictures of him lying dead, shot by Texas Rangers.  Did you know he didn't have his shoes on?
Oh, you mean of Bonnie and Clyde?  Hm. You ever see pictures of him, the way he wore his hat?  You could tell he had that don't-give-a-shit air about him.
You must see yourself as some kind of Clyde Barrow.
Yeah, well, if it turns out I get shot like a dog, it'll be in the street, not off a goddamn fence.
You know, this isn't gonna end well, these things never do.
Sure.
We still talk, though.
Uh-huh.
It was just a year, give or take a few days.  I mean, it's not like we didn't get along or anything.  We had fun, we just didn't have that... that thing, you know?  That spark, you know what I mean?  You gotta have that.
You were married?  All those falls, I'm surprised you had time.
Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife.
What do you want me to do?  Scream?  I don't think it would help much.  I'm just gonna sit back, take it easy, and wait for you to screw up.
You don't act like it.
Of course I am.
You don't seem all that scared.
I don't have to.  I don't rob banks.
Basically.  Yeah.  If I go back now, I do a full thirty years, no time off. Can you imagine looking at that?
I know the difference.  You were in Lompoc USP, the federal penitentiary. I've delivered people there.  So basically you've spent half your life in prison.
I believe you would have.  Another fall, I did seven years at Lompoc.  And I don't mean the place next door where some of Nixon's people went.
It was me, I woulda left ol' Gus on the floor.
I thought so, too.
That's funny.
Tell you the truth, I don't know.  I started when I was eighteen, driving for my Uncle Cully and his partner, Gus.  They go into a bank this one time in Slidell, Gus jumps the counter to get the tellers and breaks his leg. All three of us ended up in Angola.
How many was that?
Time I was convicted in California? FBI told me I'd robbed more banks than anyone in the computer.
Why, are you famous?
Jack Foley.  You've probably heard of me.
So, what's <u>your</u> name?  It'll be in the paper tomorrow anyway.
One I gave him, yeah.  Fuck...
Buddy.  That's his given name?
Who, Buddy?  Yeah.  He's a good guy. Back when we jailed together, he'd call his sister every week without fail.  She's a born-again Christian, does bookkeeping for a televangelist. Buddy calls her up, confesses his sins, tells her about whatever bank he happened to rob.
Must be quite a pal, risk his own ass like this.
If they get set up in time, which I doubt.  And even if they do they'll be looking for a buncha little Latin fellas, not a big black guy driving a Ford.
You wouldn't have time anyway.  We come to a roadblock, they'll run the car, find out in five seconds who it belongs to.
Guys like me, huh.  Well, listen, even though I've been celibate lately, I'm not gonna force myself on you.  I've never done that in my life.
The idea of going after guys like you appealed to me.
Yeah, went real nice with that twelve gauge, too.  Tell me, why in the world would someone like you ever become a federal marshall?
I believe it.  You've ruined a nine- hundred-dollar suit my dad gave me.
Boy, it stunk in there.
In my bag, in the car.
Where's your gun, your pistol?
You devil, it's mace, huh?  What've you got here, a billy?  Use it on poor unfortunate offenders.
For your breath.  You could use it. Squirt some in your mouth.
There isn't any.  All this shit you got in here.  What is all this stuff anyway?  Handcuffs, chains... what's this can?
If I could have a little more room.
You comfy?
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest, both of you guys.
Why you're just a girl.  What do you do for a living you pack a shotgun?
Why?  Just because you left us standing on the side of the road?
I thought you guys were busted.
These guys, man, they're crazy.  Shit.
Whose blood you got all over you?
I don't know...
What happened to your shades?  Someone finally step on 'em?
Yeah?  She said that to you?
She <i>knew</i> me from some bullshit dope bust.  She drove me to court.  Twice. You know what she said, we're in the car on the turnpike?  "I never forget anybody I've cuffed and shackled."
That broad you picked up -- did you know she was a US Marshal, for Christ sake?
Weren't you expecting us?
The backseat.
In the trunk?
I'd like you to go wait in the car. How's that?  Take her with you and put her in back.
You're in civilization now, man, ease up.
Wait in the car.
You don't take 'em off, I'm gonna throw 'em off the overpass while they're still on your head.
I see better with them on.
Take your sunglasses off.
Oh, nuthin'.
Studs.  Man, I haven't heard that since Lompoc.  What's going on?
Oh, hey, Studs?  We thought you were somebody else.
Use your head.  The guys got five million lying around his house, you really think he's gonna tell some motormouth he just met in prison about it?
You think he's lying?
My point is, that's probably what you're gonna end up with.
So.  What's your point?
Ever seen an uncut diamond, Studs? They look like plain old rocks.
Detroit.  Snoopy Miller told me uncut diamonds are as easy to move as cash.
I'll take the shades off.  Just get this fuckin' thing off me.
I guess the bright glare out here made it hard to see the numbers on the weights.
You guys-- come on-- this is too heavy!
Who you talkin' to, Studs?  Me, or Buddy.  I can't tell, you got those shades on.
He got three years and fined fifty million dollars and wrote 'em a fucking check.  Like that, fifty mil, signed his name.  Whoa-- little help here!
I do, but I won't tell you just yet. Meet me in the chapel at eight-thirty, right before lock-down.
You know who they are?
Looks like tonight.
When?
I hear six.
Okay.  How many going out?
I expect you to look out for me, Pup, let me run off work details.
How many?
Some people are going out of here. What if I told you where and when?
If that's my fate, so be it.  I'm not leaving.  I love her, Jack.
Don't be an asshole, Richard.  They're gonna kill you.
I'm not leaving Midge.
I were you, I'd get up and run.
Five point two.
Dumbfuck Glenn was right, there's about five million worth in there, wouldn't you say, Richard?
I'm not angry, Richard.  In fact, I'm completely relaxed.  Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there.
I can't believe you're still angry with me, Jack, after all this time.
Siddown, Dick.  They're trying to open the safe, not your maid.
Good God... they're shooting Midge!
We'll go to my bank.  I'll make a withdrawal.
You gonna write me a check?
What do you want from me, Jack?  Name it.  You want money?
A minute or two, you're gonna wish you were.
We thought it might be her husband. Sometimes he comes and checks up on her.  She told him I was down in Florida.
What kinda man lets a woman answer the door, this time a night?
Have they got Midge up there?
Maurice?  From Lompoc?  Good God.
Maurice Miller, couple of his friends.
Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing here?  What's going on?  Who's upstairs?
How are you, Richard?
Foley?  That you?
Oh, yeah, I'm calm.  In fact, I'm totally "relaxed..."
Gentlemen.  I think we've calmed down now.  Haven't we, Jack?
Jack, I'm disappointed.  I guess I misjudged you.
How, Dick?  The way <u>you</u> earned it?  By marrying some rich broad owns the company, selling it off a piece at a time, then divorcing her?  What is this Knute Rockne, pull yourself up by the bootstraps bullshit?  Back in prison, guy like you, place like that, you were ice cream for freaks.  You were a goddamn dumpling.  Maurice and a dozen other guys coulda bled you till you had nothing.  Till you <u>were</u> nothing.  I saved your ass.  So you'll pardon me if I don't wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day saying "sign in here please" or "hey, pal, you can't park there."  Okay, Dick?  I can't do it.
Today, I'm offering you a lousy job at a lousy wage.  You think you're better than that?  Fine.  Show me.  Show me that you're really willing to change and we'll talk about something better. A lot better.  But first, Jack, you gotta earn it.
First, I'm goin' to Israel for a year, study the Talmud, work on a Kibbutz... then come back, maybe take some tennis lessons.
You goin' right back to work?
What's to think about?
I still haven't made up my mind yet.
The next time I walk into a bank.
It works.  You should try it sometime.
And the guy sent you a bill for this?
The fish saved my life.  Two years ago, I found out I had high blood pressure.  So my doctor, he tells me to go get an aquarium, look at the fish every time I felt myself stressing out.
I can't say that I've paid that much attention to 'em before.
Yeah, fish live in the present.  They don't dwell on yesterday and they don't worry about tomorrow.  Even when a big fish attacks a little fish, there's no neurosis involved.  No guilt afterward. No whining on some fish-shrink's couch. They just do it.  They accept.
The fish?
No need to decide now.  Be like the fish.  Let whatever happens happen.
My ex-wife's in Miami.  It's nice down there.
Who is?  But then you gotta look at a job as more than just work.  You gotta look at it as peace of mind.  As <i>security</i>, you know what I mean?  I got offices in Detroit, Miami, Boston, take your pick.
I don't know.  I'm not exactly the nine-to-five type.
Hey, Jack?  Bullshit.  I didn't make my first million until I was forty- two.  Forty-two.  You really <u>want</u> to change, it's never too late.
It's a little late for me.
I was just thinking that I could use a guy like you, someone knows how to ask for things the right way.  I'm talkin' about when you're outta here.  I mean, you can't rob banks for ever.
Twenty-two months, three days, two hours.  Why?
Tell me something, Jack, how much longer you in here?
It's a big house.
Doesn't have to figure out shit.  You <u>told</u> him you keep 'em at your house.
Plus, even it was true, he'd still have to figure out where I keep 'em.
Of course not.
Yeah, but who's gonna believe Glenn? I mean, do <u>you</u> believe Glenn?
You're the one with balls, Dick, say something like that to someone like Glenn.  Or maybe you just forgot where you were for a minute.
I know what you're talking about.
No?  Where do you keep it, Dick?  I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
You're the reason, Jack, I don't keep all my money in banks.
You'd be surprised what all you can get, you ask for it the right way.
Really?
I don't know.  I never used a gun.
Tell me something.  What's it like, walk in a bank with a gun, stick it up?
Any time.
Thanks for your help.
First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you.
Really?  Well, I uhhh...
You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off.
Must be a real soft pillow.
Sounds high, doesn't it?
Oh, uh, right, thanks...
You don't wanna be standing there, the hacks start asking questions you don't wanna answer.
I don't know.  It's a long way down to Florida.
Like what?
Yeah, could be.  Or maybe she thought we'd have a lot to talk about.
Cheaper I guess, take us both down in one van.
She did, huh.
Apparently, yeah.  I was supposed to leave last night with the lady marshal, but for some reason she wanted to wait.
And so now you're off to Glades.
Hejira.
You must be some kinda walker, Henry.
Ten, you count the prison hospital in Ohio I walked away from.
The <u>ninth</u>?
Yeah.  That was the ninth.
There were others.
That time?
And how long was it before they caught up with you?
I prefer to call it an exodus from an undesirable place.
You busted out?
Meaning time came, I left.
Meaning?
For a time.
You were at Leavenworth, huh?
The brothers in Leavenworth gave me the name.
The flight?
The Hejira was the flight of Mohammed from Mecca in 622.
What's it mean, "No Hair"?
Islamic.
<i>Hejira?</i>  What kinda name is that?
If I didn't know you, Glenn, by tomorrow you'd be in jail or dead.  Look at it that way.  Go on.
I know, you'll find me.  Jesus, I believe it.  I keep thinking if you hadn't driven me to federal court last summer, you wouldn't even know who I am.
But listen, Glenn.  If you're lying to me...
Really?
You want to get out of here, run, it'll warm you up.
I'm freezing my ass off.
Gee, I wonder why not.
I don't know-- he doesn't exactly confide in me.
But you say he hasn't shown up, you think he backed out?
Maurice is gonna kill him, try and collect the reward.
Why's that?
He's supposed to be, but he hasn't shown up yet, which is a good thing for him.
And is Foley a part of this?
Yeah, the plan was to pick him up at his office tomorrow, take him out to his house in Bloomfield Hills.  Now, I don't give a shit what they do.
Ripley?  You mean the wall street guy?
Rippin' off Ripley was my idea, but these guys, man, they're into shit I can't handle.
But I thought the whole thing was your idea?
Nothing.  I just wanna get the fuck outta here.
What's going on, Glenn?
Listen, these guys, they're gonna be out here any minute looking for me. They're fucking animals.
For the car, for aiding and abetting a prison escape, and conspiring to do whatever you came here for.
You're gonna bust me for picking up a car?
Glenn, I know your life history, who your friends are, where you've been and now, it looks like, where you're going.  Put your hands on the wheel.
Jesus.  How'd you know about Snoopy?
The two guys you were with -- that one, that isn't Maurice Miller, is it? I've seen Snoopy's mug shot and that didn't look like him.
I already stole it.  Last week or whenever it was, in West Palm.  I can't be stealing it again, can I?
You're not?
I mean I'm not stealing the fucking car.
Another one of those days, huh, nothing seems to go right?
Jesus, I don't believe it.
Glenn, are you trying to steal this car?
No way, man, no fuckin' way am I gonna turn myself in.
Glenn, take the exit.
What am I supposed to do <u>now</u>?
Take the next exit.
Wait.  <i>Have</i> you helped him, Glenn?  At this point, technically, I doubt you could be charged with aiding a fugitive. So you still have a choice.  You can help him and risk going down again, get cuffed and shackled, hope to God you pull a reasonable judge, not some hard-on.  Or, if you want to play it another way...
We're not.  I'm helping him, yeah--
Look, I can understand if you and Foley are close.
Foley's not going to make it.  And if he goes down, Glenn, you go with him.
I remember you now.  Shit.
Do we have a gun in the car?
Last fall, I drove you from the Palm Beach county jail to the federal courthouse, twice.  You're Glenn Michaels.  I never forget anyone I've cuffed and shackled.
But you're sure we've met, huh?
No, that's not what I'm thinking.
It couldn't have been out at Glades, if that's what you're thinking.  I was never out there.
You don't remember me, do you?
Glenn?
I got a big score lined up up north. They wouldn't even know about it, it wasn't for me.  I could do it right now myself, except it's so fucking cold up there in January--
Jesus, what'd you crawl through, a sewer?
I'll send it to you at Glades.
Why would I do that?
No.  You gonna stay close to me from now on.  So you don't disappear on me.
It's all right with you, I'll just hang in the car.
Yeah, Kenneth, why you have to do that to that poor girl.
Why'd he have to do that to that girl?
That was some shit, huh?
Hey, shit, come on.  I say I want this car, man, it's mine.  You go get yourself another one.  I say I'm in on Ripley?  I'm in, with or without <i>your</i> ass.  I say I want you to come along on another job, see if you for real or not, guess what you gonna do?
I think you're forgetting, this is my car.  I drove it up here.
Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay?  You don't like what I'm saying, you can get out anywhere along here you want.
I don't have to prove shit to you. The Ripley job is <i>my</i> job.  You're either in or you're not.  You wanna pop some crack dealer pissed you off, that's your problem, not mine.
Right now, son.
What-- when?
Walk in a house with me, do this cross- dressin' nigga named Eddie Solomon I used to sell to been dealin' on his own.
Can I do what?
Yeah.  If you can step up and actually do it.  Understand?  'Stead of just talking the talk.
Me?
Thing I'm worried about is you.
You just ask me how we gonna do it. That's what I'm here for, tell you how.  We the experts.
Wait a minute.  I'm letting <i>you</i> in on this, not all your friends.
What?
I'll show you, soon as I get one more guy I'm gonna need, Moselle's brother, Kenneth.  Along with White Boy there.
So you still haven't said, how you wanna do it?
If they're not busted now, they're gonna be.  It's wide open.
You sure Foley and his pal aren't coming up here, do this themself?
It's lilac, man, the color, and the style's made known by Deion and other defensive backs in the pros.  I could be one of them living out here with doctors of my race and basketball players.  Okay, here comes Mr. Ripley's house up on the left.  Yeah.  The brick wall.  There's his drive, right there.
Sure, right, they see Bigfoot driving around a black guy wearing shades and a lavender fucking bandanna, no, they won't think anything of it.
Watch the road, boy.  I like this Town Car.  We can cruise the man's neighbourhood without getting the police or private security people on our ass.
Oh, I'm here, all right.  I'm very here. Question is, why aren't <u>you</u> here?
You there?
It's Richard Ripley.
Gimme another hint.
It's a guy you know.
Some<u>one</u>?  Gimme a hint.
I can't really go into it right now. I'll just tell you it's someone big.
Uh-huh.
I wanna talk to you about a job.
You crazy, come up <u>here</u>?  It's fuckin one degree outside.
Listen, Snoopy, I'm on my way up to Detroit and need a place to crash.
Studs.  Hey, son, you must be one a them psychic friends.  I was just thinkin' about you.
Snoopy.  Glenn Michaels.
We went out there, full SWAT, two choppers, the whole bit, but Linares started shooting anyway.  We put him down, but somehow Chirino got away.
Oh...
Foley?  Oh.  No, it was one of the Cubans.  Linares.
Great.  We got one of 'em.
How's it going?
He took the week off so we'd have time together.  So far he's worked on his boat every day.  Dad?  Ray Nicolet.
You look great.  Your dad taking good care of you?
Hi, Ray.
You wanted to tussle, we tussled.
What's wrong with you?
Just a minute.
Don't matter.  I let the monster out, you gonna do what it wants.
You're not my type.
You know your divisions.  You like the fights?  Like the rough stuff?  Yeah, I bet you do.  Like to get down and tussle a little bit?  Like me and Tuffy, before she got run over, we use to get down on the floor and tussle.  I say to her, "You a good dog, Tuffy, here's a treat for you."  And I give Tuffy what every dog love best.  You know what that is? A bone.  I can give you a bone, too, girl.
Flyweight.
Light to super-middleweight, as my body developed.  You go about what, bantam?
What'd you fight, middleweight?
I <i>was</i>...
I can tell.
How you know that?
You're a fighter?
The State Theater?
I don't know -- the gym, the fights. I <i>know</i> he don't miss the fights.  Having some tomorrow night at the State Theater.  He use to take me.
Where do you think I might find Maurice?
Was a she, name Tuffy.
What did you call it?
Got run over by a car.
Your dog was killed?
Well, <i>he</i> ain't even here that much.  I like to know where he goes, but at the same time I don't <i>want</i> to know, you understand?
He said he stayed with Maurice.
Here?  In this house?
He said he stayed here last November.
Glenn?  No, I don't know any Glenn.
No, I'm not.  Maybe you know him. Glenn Michaels?
You a lawyer?
No.
You not with probation, one of those?
I'm looking for a friend of mine I think Maurice knows.
Thanks.
You like to sit down?
That's Kenneth, my brother.  He's talking on the phone.
That's not Maurice?
You find him, tell him the dog got run over and I'm out of grocery money.
I'm looking for Maurice.
What do you want?
Moselle Miller?
My little girl, the tough babe.
He knew what he was doing.  Nobody forced him to rob banks.
I was just thinking... you could have a nice time with him on the plane -- like picking up where your interlude, or whatever you call it, left off. And then throw him in the can.
It's possible.  Why?
You gonna go get him?
None I'd like to share.
He doesn't seem to hold a grudge.  What <i>I</i> want to know is why, they got such a big score up north, did Foley hang around Miami for so long?  Any thoughts on that one?
So what I want to know is why Buddy still calls his sister every week even after she turned him in.
So?
Buddy's sister Regina Mary Bragg got two calls from Buddy up in Detroit this morning, called Burdon.  She's also the one gave Burdon Buddy's address.
I imagine you would've though.
I didn't have time.
You wave back?
I couldn't swear to it, but I'm pretty sure he did.
He waved to you?
Yeah, but you talked all the way from GCI to the turnpike.  It sounds more like a first date than a kidnapping.
Foley <i>kid</i>napped me.
You like the wild ones, don't you? Tillman, Nicolet and now Foley.  You know, I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers, all those guys that love to pack.
My married boyfriend - setting him up with that news story so you could talk about infidelity.  I couldn't believe it.
Maybe.  But you're also curious about the man.  Twice last night you asked your married boyfriend Nicolet about him.  You were concerned, but you didn't want to show it.
I want to bust his ass, put him in shackles.
But you know he's dirty and you still wanna see him again.
Not at all.
He remind you of that guy, Tillman?
He's pretty laid back, confident.
Remember, pay attention to how she talks about Foley, her tone.  Do it right, she'll tell you things she wouldn't tell Burdon.  Tell her you think he's a nice guy.  No, first tell her about being in the trunk with him, in the dark for half an hour, and see how she takes it.  If she's in on it, what does she get for all the aggravation; cops breathing on her?  I bet nothing.  So she still likes him enough to stick her neck out.  You think that's possible?  What kind of guy is he?
Hello?
Hello?  Yeah, she is.  Just a minute.  For you.
Off a tip?
Was it Foley?
I see that.
Ray's with the F.B.I. Task Force, working on the prison break.
No, he looks a lot...
No?
He doesn't even look like that.
Tell you what, you're a good girl, you might get another one for Christmas.
The Sig Sauer you got me for my birthday.
What are you thinking about?
Huh.
"Hey, yourself."
What'd I say?
You were talking in your sleep.
I'd like that.
How 'bout I come next Sunday and watch the Super Bowl with you?
We don't get to talk much any more.
I really gotta go.
You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced.  Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife?  That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em.
Dad...
You used to like it.
No thanks.
You know you can always step in, work with me full-time as one of my investigators.
Serving process, a Summons and Complaint.  Some con doing mandatory life doesn't like macaroni and cheese. He files suit, says he has no choice in what they serve and it violates his civil rights.
What're you doing at Glades?
Can we change the subject?
Then they're not separated, are they?
He's about to.
Oh, he's moved out?
Technically.  They're separated.
He's still married though, huh?
He was.  Ray's with the F.B.I. now, he switched over.
Which one is that?  The ATF guy?
Can't.  I gotta drive out to Glades, then I'm meeting Ray Nicolet at ten.
Happy birthday, kid.  You want another Coke?
Thanks, Dad.
--Sig-Sauer .38.  I love it.
It's a --
It's beautiful.
Something better.  Open it.
You fit another Chanel suit in here?
The combination is three-ten-forty-four.
A'ight, this time we gotta get the motherfuckin' trajectory right...  Okay, on three:  One... Two...
Like a fag.
How do I look, mama?
Let's go upstairs, have a look at the man's bedroom.  All right now, you and Mr. Buddy check the rooms down here. Look at the wall behind any pictures hanging on it.  Look at the walls in the closets.  The man has a safe, it's gonna be up there somewhere.
I don't have any idea.
Where's Ripley's safe at, he keep his valuables in.
That's right, just me.
You here all by yourself?
When's he due back?
He's in Florida.  Palm Beach.
Out for the evening?
I told you, he isn't here.
Not yet.  Where's Mr. Ripley?
So the woman's married.  She goes to bed with this prison escapee because he misses his little girl and then tells the world about it.  But you don't reveal her name, you protect her.  It sounds like you're saying it's okay as long as her husband doesn't find out about it.  Like the guy who cheats on his wife, saying what she doesn't know won't hurt her.
The woman also said he stole her husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol, and some of his clothes.
That's how you score now?
I spoke to her.  The guy told her he missed his little girl and she felt sorry for him.
...She fixes him pork chops and rice, the next thing you know they're making love on the sofa.  She says he was very gentle.
Yeah, as soon as we got back.
Did you pay the guy the reward?
I knew it, soon as I saw they were offering a reward.
Yeah, someone spotted two of 'em in this hobo camp out by the airport, called the number--
No.  Course not.
In case no one knows what he does. Tell me, Ray, you ever wear one says, "Undercover"?
Likewise.
I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Sisco.
Where the fuck is Foley?
Foley's got it.
Forget about her.  Tell me where the money's at.
Midge.
Where you been hiding, Dick?
Are those <i>my</i> suits?
Well, if it isn't the Ripper hisself.
Yeah.  Sure.  It's all settled.
Excuse me.  Snoopy?  Did we settle the fish thing?
Still...
Faux goose down.
...and that extra pillow's gonna be an even three c's.
Well, I need that...
That Bausch & Lomb Saline shit you asked for is gonna be eighty bucks.
Whoever.  The point is, prices are goin' up, too.  Better get your little black book out, Richard.  We got some business to talk about.
I think it's Dunn & <u>Brad</u>street.  But then, I could be wrong...
Year ago, I come in here on credit card fraud, but after I shanked that loudmouth pussy on the yard the other day, my Dunn & Broadstreet, has gone way the fuck up.
What?
Not so fast, Dick.  Starting now, there's gonna be an across the board cost a living increase.
Thank you...
Are they dead?
...the fuck is this...
White Boy, the man's not gonna hide no diamonds under the fuckin' mattress.
I found a rubber.
I sent these two looking for him, they come back shaking their heads.
I think he must've fell in.
Uh-huh.  You recall, did it say dead or alive?
Ten gees.
White Boy, how much is the reward on the man again?
Jack Foley, famous bank robber.
We have a problem here?
