He's been like that all day.  Hey Danny, you coming?
What is it with Red?  I've never seen him this way.
If Evelyn's here, the rest are here!
Are you sure they're here?
No, numbnuts, die.  You get your nurse alone, you look her in the eye, and say, "Baby, they're training me for war, and I don't know what'll happen.  But if I die tomorrow, I wanna know that we lived all we could tonight."  I've never known it to fail.
What, good-lookin' sumbitch?
That's your line for tonight, ya know.
You good-lookin' sumbitch...don't you EVER die!
You don't forget love, Honey.  Not ever.
I wish she could forget him.
No, I was.
He was that good?
Now listen, it's hands off Billy.  I mean, you can put your hands on him if you want to, but then my hands will break yours.
Ooo, she's thinking of her date!  Come on, you've been dating a pilot.  We want to know what we can expect.
We'll ask Evelyn.  Evelyn?  Evelyn!
Hide them?  On a date with pilots?  I'm talking about how you make them show!
You mean hiding them?
Do you have trouble with your boobs in the uniform?
Yeah.  But if I have to get something out, I c-can always s-s-s-  SIIING!
Nervous?
Only when I'm n-n-n-
Do you always stutter?
How would I know.
But...they called you Strange?  Because of Red Grange?  I don't get it.  Was Red Grange strange?
You know the football player, Red G- Grange?  Well the guys called me R-Red, cause you know, I'm red...and they thought I was strange, so, you know, Red G-Grange, Red Str-Strange.
Red...Strange?
He, I'm R-Red.  Red S-Strange.
Not anxious to die, Sir, anxious to matter.
Are all the Yanks as anxious as you are to get yourself killed, Lieutenant?
If you're patching up bullet holes right here on the runway, maybe we should skip the housekeeping and get right to the planes.
Good on you, then, Rafe McCawley.  We'll get you situated in some quarters, and then introduce you to the equipment you'll be flying.
That's me, Sir.
On loan from Colonel Doolittle, is it?
I wasn't gonna apologize, Sir.  I was just gonna say it was worth it to feel like a real pilot again, even if it was only for five seconds.
Too late for apologies, Walker.
Sir, I --
You'll love it.  No base, no bars, just lots of sun and aircraft maintenance.
Hale-what?
I don't buy that hot dog shit.  So you and your buddies are gonna transfer your planes up to Haleiwa.
Sir?
Oh yeah.  I liked it so much I'm cutting you out of the squadron.
You liked that?
That was a nice little stunt you pulled, buzzing the base.
Yes Sir.
You're Walker, right?
You guys know her?!  I gotta have an intro!  Man, I'd like to --
Rafe's girl, Evelyn?
Mai-tai's.  I got this to tell ya, about mai-tai's.
Yeah.
What the hell happened to you guys?
The one that slept in my mouth last night.
What lizard?
Where's that lizard?
Hey.  You.  Mr. Coma.
Yeah, but he was wearing shoes!
Well, you p-puked on his feet.
Shit, he's puking on my feet!
You guys are new?
I th-think I'm gonna like it here.
No, like...
A m-missionary?
Ever hear of mai-tai's?  Comes in a big...pot.  Like...like...
He did.
Who the fuck taught you to fly?
Anthony, Red, stay with the guns!  Coma, you cover the cannons!  Joe, Theo, come with us!  Earl, you get on the radio! We're gonna fight these fuckers.
Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy.
Of the four left, only one is full of fuel.
Earl!  You said the planes were ready but -- but what?
You guys get those!  Earl, Rafe, come with me!
Cock-suckin' right I do!!  In the gun lockers!
They'll all fly, but -- oh, shit...
They ready, Earl?
Yes you can.
I can't make it.
Danny...
Home of the Brave.
And I'm on yours.  Land of the free.
We'll get separated over the target, but you and I will rendezvous for the run to China.  I'm on your wing.
Broomsticks instead of tail guns.
Longer?  It's getting shorter.
It's not getting any longer.
We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel.  I got another Chinese phrase for Doolittle. "Mug wump rickshaw mushu pork."  It means "Who the fuck thought up this shit?"
They'll turn the ship into the wind before we launch.  That'll help.
It's shorter than our practice runway.
What's between you and her is between you and her.  But here's what's between you and me.  Everybody has a hero, Danny. And you're mine.
Maybe just trying to measure up.
Bullshit.  We've played with each other, pushed each other.  This is different. Like you want to prove that you're better than me.  Who's that for -- Evelyn?
We've always tried to beat each other.
No.  You're trying to beat me.
What do you mean?  I'm just doing what we've always done.
Danny, what the hell are you trying to do out there?
Fun today.  Like old times.
What color flowers you want me to bring to your funeral?
Sorry you're gonna die -- cause I'm gonna make it.
I'm out of fuel!
I'm out of ammo!
Home of the brave.
Land of the free.
Little less.
I got a half a tank.  You?
Yeah.  So you can call me if you need help.
You hear my okay?
Bet they don't dust crops in Japan.
They're all over us!
Tighter 'n a bulls ass in fly season. Don't hit the barn.
It's tight.
They're coming around for another pass. You got extra weapons and ammo?
This ain't a little feud, Earl, it's World War Two!
Six P-40's.
What's there?
Auxiliary field at Haleiwa, ten miles north of here.
Where are we going?
Come on!
Get me into a plane!
How sweet.  Is that when you put the move on her?
She said I was so much like you.  I said, No, I'm not.  I'm like I am because of you, but I'm not you, not as good as you. Everybody else saw me as a loser with a big chip on his shoulder.  But you saw the better part of me, the part of me that could be like you, and changed me. You made me who I am.
She loves you.  I know that.  And part of what she loves in me is how much of you she sees in me.
Fuck you.
Don't blame her, Rafe.  It's not like you're thinking.
I guess I'm used to it.  I've felt like throwing up every minute since you got back.
How come you're not pukin'?
How's this for a fact?  I loved her first.
You left her.  How's that for a fact?
I'm saying now you do know.  So it's time for you to fuck off.
So what are you saying?
Yeah, right.  Anyway, you didn't know.
I was grieving too.
I understand how it could happen.  I know why any guy would love her.  And I can't blame you that it happened.  You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her.
What facts are those?
We gotta face some facts here.
If you can't keep up, don't drink yours.
You don't wanna put beer over mai-tai.
Waitress!  Four beers!
Sure you did.  So come on.  Say what you think.
I didn't mean it.
Why be sorry?  That's what you feel, it's better to come out with it.
Sorry.
Let's go get a drink.  Unless you're scared to talk about it.
Upset?  Why should I be upset?
You'd always go sit in a plane whenever you were upset.
It's a test.  If I asked her to come and she came, it wouldn't tell me anything. If I tell her not to come, and she comes...then I know she loves me.
Then why are you looking for her?
Yeah.
Didn't you say you told her not to come?
Some other time.  I don't feel like a party.
I have to talk to Evelyn.  And I want you to meet her.
Nah, you go on.
Danny, you know how many times I saw you come to school with a black eye or a busted nose, and couldn't do a thing about it -- for you, or for your mother... or your father, with his lungs scorched out with mustard gas, and more left of his lungs than there was of his spirit? You've made your sacrifice, Danny.  It's time I made mine.
Don't make this a joke, Rafe.  You're talking about war, and I know what war does to people.
I'm sorry, Danny, but they're only accepting the best pilots.
I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork, I mean how the hell did you do it without letting me in on it?
The Colonel helped me work it out.
How could you do this?
Hey, you wanna test my limits, you better line up a couple dozen women on the GROUND...cause I got NO limits in the air!
Didn't you say test the limits?
There's another one!
Home of the brave!
Land of the free...
Good shooting, Rafe!
Good shooting, Danny!
Kill the bastards!
It's Germans!
Power dive!
Bandits at 2 o'clock.
We got a saying here.  A-low-HA!
Yeah.
Who's gonna to that?  Japan is four thousand miles away.  So you guys just arrived, huh?
What about easier to hit in an air raid?
The brass is afraid of sabotage.  This makes 'em easier to protect -- and easier to service.
Hey!  What is this, the planes all bunched up like that?
Hang on.
So beautiful!
From the air?
Well...sure.
Hey, have you seen Pearl Harbor at night?
He told me he didn't want to leave me with regret.  Now that's all I have.
Sorry.
I swore not to talk about him tonight, but there's all this stuff I think I ought to tell you, that he didn't get a chance to.  Rafe was...he was lonely.  He had such high expectations of himself that he always felt empty.  The week he met you he told me he felt his heart had always lived in winter, and for the first time in his life he has seen the spring.
I was just thinking that war is a series of goodbyes.  Do you think that's why we're meeting.  To help us say goodbye to Rafe?
That might not have been such a good idea.  They're making us fly out of a half-paved airfield.  The real punishment is that I won't be back to the barracks till it's too late for dinner or coffee. So I guess it's goodbye for awhile.
We got some soldiers in traction from a jeep accident, but it's quiet.  Except for the occasional fighter plane buzzing us.
How's everything?
...He said that?
He said you're the only one he ever saw who was better in the air than him.
I taught him to drink beer.  He taught me how to fly.
You were more like brothers.
Rafe's folks had a crop dusting business, owned their own planes.  Real straight, frugal.  My father was the town drunk. Went to sleep one night on the railroad tracks and was still there when the Dawn Express came along.  Rafe and I were the only ones at the funeral.  He took me back to his house, and I never left.
He told me about you.  That he had no other friend like you.
Before Rafe left, he asked me to be the one to tell you, if it happened.
Were.  Isn't that what you mean?  Were. Because he's dead, isn't he?  And that's why you've come.
Lieutenant... I'm Danny Walker.  I'm Rafe McCawley's best friend.
Y-Yes Sir.
No baseball diamonds, Red.
Colonel, to f-fight you need strategy. To have strategy, ya gotta practice.  And to practice it, ya gotta play --
I'd like to bomb their Emperor too.  But I think that'd just piss 'em off.  The idea here, Gentlemen, is not revenge. We're here to prove to them that they're neither invincible nor superior.  So let's try this again.  Military targets only.
I d-don't think Japs ought'a be allowed to p-play baseball.
Now we have fifteen requests for the Emperor's Palace...and one for Tokyo baseball stadium.
I have a phrase I want you all to memorize:  "Lushu hoo megwa fugi."  It means "I am an American."  In Chinese.
Then wh-where do we land?
We won't have the fuel to get back to the carriers; they'll turn and run back to Hawaii the minute we're airborne.
C-Colonel, we been p-practicing takeoff's, but I ain't sure we can land on these carriers d-decks.
The navy will get us to within 400 miles of the Japanese coast.  We'll launch off the carriers from there.
And where's the secret base, Sir?  The one we t-takeoff from.
I know.
Colonel...we're all going.  Whether you make it or not.
Listen you guys.  I'm the first plane -- then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you. I'll have the shortest run.  If I don't make it, you don't go.
I take it back, about the flowers.  We're all gonna die.
I thought I'd made it clear, I'm not just putting this mission together -- I'm leading it myself.
I want to introduce a couple of people. Doc White is a flight surgeon; he has volunteered for gunnery training so that he can go on the mission, because we can't spare the weight of an extra man.
Bombers.
In flight school you qualified in single and in multi-engine planes.  You'll be flying multi-engines here.
Top secret means you help me pick the other pilots, train, and go -- without knowing where you're going until it's too late.
Well sure, Colonel --
You're just about the only pilots in the Army with actual combat experience, so you're volunteering for a mission I've been ordered to put together.  Do you know what top secret is?
Is that the good new, Sir, or --
Explain what?
We can explain, Colonel.
I heard what you did.
Thank you, Sir.
Good luck over there McCawley.  I admire your decision.
Thank you, Sir.
That's bullshit, son.  But it's really good bullshit.
Never, Sir.  I just meant it's dangerous only for the kind of pilot who wants to show off, rather than inspire the other pilots in his unit.  And all you've done for me, Sir, working out the transfer, I did it to say thanks.  To honor you, Sir. What the French call a "homage."
Don't get smart with me, son.
How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it?
There are some people who think the outside loop is reckless and irresponsible.
You too, 'Mam.
You take care, Dorie.
I left my Mama and joined the Navy to be a man.  They made me a cook -- and not even that, really -- I clean up after the other sailors eat.  I shine the officer's shoes.  In two years, they've never even let me fire a gun.
Tell me something, Dorie.  A man as big as you -- and smart too, you knew where to come when your ship couldn't help -- do you still have to fight with your fists to get respect?
Thank you, 'Mam.
Respect.
What do you get for winning?
Every other Sunday.  I'm heavyweight champion of the West Virginia.
How often you fight like this?
I'm Evelyn.  And I'm just a nurse.  But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar.  Whatta ya say?
Dorie Miller, 'Mam.
What's your name?
Yes'm.
Win?
Boxin'.
How'd you get this?
Wait, let me look at that... You better come in here.
Sorry to trouble you.
Our doctor's gone too.
'Scuse me, 'Mam.  All the ship's doctors is golfing, and I couldn't find nobody to look at this.
It was.  I couldn't have you go away, wherever it is...to war...without knowing something.  You think I made a choice, of Danny over you.  I didn't.  I didn't have a choice.  I'm pregnant.
It must of been a convincing letter.
They were bringing back a ship full of wounded and needed extra nurses along.  I wrote Colonel Doolittle, and told him I needed to see you before you go.
What?...
That's what I have to tell you, Rafe.  It wasn't a choice.  It --
Of course I forgive you.  I know what you feel for Danny is real.  And your choice is your choice.
Rafe... No.  You forgive me.
I need to tell you something.  I didn't know what it was to lose somebody, to see death and find how much it scares you. That you haven't lived and loved enough. I didn't understand.  Forgive me.
Rafe --
There's nothing you can do here, they'll die or they won't, we just --
What else can we do?
It's not that I didn't mean everything I wrote.  It's just that -- I thought you were dead.  And now --
Don't worry about that.  Guys away from home, lonely, good-hearted women try to cheer them up.
It's not your fault, Rafe.  The letter I wrote you, they --
It's all right.  Danny always said I see things with my emotions instead of my eyes.
I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back.
It's been...so different, being so sure you were dead.
Nothing that won't heal.  I guess.
I'm just...so amazed, so glad to know that you're okay.  You are okay, aren't you?
I called my folks, then Colonel Doolittle.  The Colonel sent a man to pick me up.  They wanted to debrief me. I told the Colonel I needed to see somebody first, and he had a supply flight heading out in an hour.  I've done a lot of talking.  You haven't said anything.
...Survive?  I jumped in a patch of fog, and nobody could see me.  I hit the water hard.  And it was so...cold.
How did you?...
I saw you, I couldn't go in, I...just stood there wondering if you knew.  You looked...sad, and I had to sit down a minute.
Why were you sitting here, instead of...
I sent telegrams, I guess the military traffic held them up.
Do one thing for me, before you go.
Maybe not.  But I need you to know.  I love you.  And I will come back.  I'll find a way.  And then we'll get a chance to know if what I felt the first moment I saw you, and every minute since then, is real.
I don't know if you can choose that, Rafe.
Evelyn...you know the line -- let's make tonight memorable.  What I feel about you makes it impossible for me to say something like that.  If I don't come back, I don't want to saddle you with regret and sadness you'll carry the rest of your life.
I had to tell you in person.  Because there's something else I need to say.
You waited til tonight to tell me?
Colonel Doolittle pulled the strings, and put me on loan to the R.A.F.  They need pilots, and we need experience.  I leave tomorrow.
But you're in the U.S. Army, how could you --
I'm going to the war.  The real war. Hitler's taken Europe.  The Brits are hanging on by their fingernails, and If they lose, there'll be more people killed than anybody can imagine.  And not just there, but here.
We're all going away.
There's one thing I have to say.  I'm going away.
It surprises me that I'm not the only one on this balcony who feels that way.
The only reason it's hard to say is that I keep thinking I don't have the right to say it.  But I've got to because it's true.  I love you.  That must surprise you.
Whatever you're trying to tell me isn't good, is it.  Or it wouldn't be so hard to say.
I was hoping to meet him.
No, he...got some news today.  He'll be okay, he just didn't feel like coming tonight.
Danny's not coming?
Nice to meet you, Betty.
Oh, this is Betty.
You too, Lieutenant.
Hello, Lieutenant.  Good to see you.
And if we fail, and lose our carriers, we destroy our ability to fight them at all.  As soon as the second wave returns, we will withdraw.
If we launch the third wave and annihilate their fuel depots, we destroy their ability to operate in the Pacific for at least a year!
The second wave has not returned.  And we have no idea where their carriers are. What is the damage report?
We have achieved complete surprise!  The first wave is returning, the second is attacking now, and we have lost only a few planes.  We can launch a third wave, Admiral.
We must go ahead.  This is our moment.
We have a fighter screen up, in case we are attacked, Admiral.
We have achieved surprise, but their carriers are not in port.  I don't like this.
A brilliant man would find a way not to fight a war.
Brilliant, Admiral.
Set up teams of radio operators to send out messages the Americans will intercept, concerning every potential American target in the Pacific.  Include Hawaii -- the clutter will be more confusing that way.
If we achieve surprise, they will offer little resistance.
Everything real except the fact that no one is shooting back at us.
I have arranged a live fire drill -- with your permission.
Uncharged torpedoes have different balance.
God help them.
The Chinese are sending out search parties to try to find the crews before the Jap patrols do, if any of the planes make it.
So those brave men are flying blind and running out of fuel.
There've been some complications, Sir. The Chinese didn't receive our request for homing beacons until is was too late to get them set.  And the planes had to take off so early they may lack fuel to make the mainland anyway.
Have the planes made it to China?
We have bombed Tokyo, Mr. President. Radio Tokyo interrupted it's own broadcast to make the announcement.
We've done studies.  We're confident we would turn them back eventually...after they'd gotten as far as Chicago.
What if the Japanese did invade?
Crank her!
I have'na been able ta --
Fook ya dooble!
Learn English, then!
Fook ya!
And if you don't give me a plane that can handle combat, you better start learning to speak German.
If ye'd wanted a bloody Cadillac ya should'a stayed in the bloody States!
All of 'em.
Well which of those three ya want fixed?
The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.
Leapin' Jesus!
The Americans themselves have made it possible.  We will annihilate them in a single attack -- at Pearl Harbor.
You see us as capable of such a blow?
The Council knows I have opposed fighting the Americans.  No matter how great our resolve, they have resources beyond ours. If we must go to war, there is only one way -- deal them a blow from which it will take them years to recover.  In that time we can conquer all of the Pacific, and they will have no choice but to ask for peace.
You have something to say, Yamamoto?
The time has come to strike!  Or to sit and let the Americans cut off our oil and our future.  I know what you whisper to the others, Yamamoto -- that the Americans are strong.  Yet look at their leader.
If knowledge of opponents and careful calculation of danger is taken as weakness then I have misunderstood what it means to be Japanese.
So you join us, Admiral.  Some of us thought your education at an American university would make you too weak to fight the Americans.
