Yes, Bob, I do.  Excuse me? Am I being fired?
Do you really think so, Andy?
Maybe you mistyped the name when you were saving it. We'll try combinations of those letters...
K-R-O-one.
What was the file name?
Sorry...
Allright. Calm down.
What's wrong with my face? You want to know what's wrong with my face? I've got a skin condition. Next question, Bob? No more questions? Fine. Now can you help me find the complaint?
What's wrong with your face?
Bob...
What in God's name... ?
You'll never find it in the dark.
I don't know what to do, Bob.
Jesus.
You'll have to get right on it, Andy, we're up against the statute of limitations.
Yes!
Bailey, Brackman.
Andy, do you know who reps Kronos Inc.?
If MacroSystems wins, an energetic, young company will be destroyed, five thousand Americans will be out of work. Moreover, the laws of copyright and anti-trust were enacted to prevent exactly the kind of bullshit Macrosystems is trying to pull.
Charles is right behind me.
In a word, Bob...
Are we interrupting, Andy?
Oh, you're right, Beckett, you don't have an attitude problem.
Excuse me, Charles. With all due respect... this is... preposterous! It doesn't make any sense, it sounds as if we're talking about someone else. Pardon the lack of humility, but I've had the distinct impression I was kind of... one of the rising stars around here. And I feel that wasn't just my imagination. And I also think I deserve to know what's really going on here, Charles.
Really? Who thinks that, sir?
Some people think you have an attitude problem, Beckett.
Perhaps... you're right. I've certainly been busy. With the Kronos complaint, a preliminary injunction hearing and the Saunders trial all falling at the same time...
There won't be a next time, I guarantee it.
This time. What about next time?
Andy?
You're right, I probably just misfiled...
Whacked with a racquetball.  I appreciate your faith in my abilities.
What's that on your forehead, pal?
Thanks, Walter.
Because they deserve to, Walter.
Why, Beckett?
I hope you're ready for "Studs," because that's what's on.
Whatever.
Ready for what, baby?
I'm ready...
Do you think I'm ready for it?! I hate this shit. I'm not a fucking martyr! I hate every goddamn part of it!
I'm not ready to die.
Then, what <u>are</u> we, Drew?! The <u>winners</u>? "Ladies and gentlemen, the first prize of AIDS goes to Andrew Beckett and his lover Miguel..." Excuse me, I'm not your lover. I'm your Care Partner. FUCK!
You want me to give up? Let this thing turn us into <u>victims</u>?
That's right. We're on the Positive Plan. You don't have a Fatal Disease, you have Manageable Illness.
I'm not going to die.
Maybe you should think about it.
What's that mean?!
Maybe you should think about it.
Maybe I should start making plans, is that what you think? Start planning my memorial service? "Begin to prepare for the inevitable."
No.
You're scared. You think we're near the end.
That's not what I said.
You don't think there's much time left, do you?
The least you can do is look at me, while I'm sticking this shit into your arm. Forget the fucking case, one hour a day, and give me a little of your time.
ALLRIGHT IT'S CLOSED!  Jesus!
CLOSE THE FUCKING LAW BOOK!
I'm not going to close the--
Close the law book.
What's wrong with you?
That shit's saving your life, you asshole!
Fuck you. This shit's probably not doing me any good anyway.
Fuck you.
I said, skip it, Michael. It's my treatment.
We're not skipping this treatment.
I have too much work to do. Skip the treatment.
Hold still. Shit.  The goddamn vein's clotted. We have to go the goddamn hospital, so they can change the goddamn catheter.
Yes. I think it will be a simple solution. They'll put it in a syringe, inject it into your bloodstream. It'll neutralize the virus. It'll revitalize the immune system, and people with AIDS will become healthy again.
You got that right, Mikey...  You still believe that, don't you?
I said, "Everyone's going to die, Jimmy. But Drew's not going to die of AIDS. There's a cure around the corner, and he plans to be around to take advantage of it."
Jerk... What did you say?
I promise!
Drew!
One hour!
You're leaving the hospital? You're going into the office looking like that? Are you insane?
You're not smiling.
You're going to the office?!
Thanks for leaving school, and coming here, and...  I will be back. An hour, tops.
You're not going to like this. Please try to smile...
Why are you getting dressed?
I am relaxed.
That's the third time. I better call the office.  Would you relax, please?
He's not sorry, okay, fine.  Why don't we see what we find out from the blood work? I'll work on getting a specimen, I'm sure hospital food could help in that direction. Maybe, by then, we'll hear from my doctor, and we'll go from there. Okay? Everybody happy?
Don't apologize for me.
A reaction to AZT...
It could be parasites, an infection...
So what? It's nothing to be ashamed of. You have nothing to be ashamed of, okay?
I almost didn't make it to the bathroom, Miguel. I almost lost control right in front of everybody.
I said, don't worry about it.
Aren't you giving an exam?
Yeah. Thanks, guys.
Thanks, you guys.
I'm seeing him this afternoon.
Longstreet's interested in the Harrisburg deal.
Don't do this, Andy.
You can save it for the jury, Charles. I want to hear you say, under oath, in front of a judge and a jury, I'm a bad lawyer.  Gentlemen.  Counselor.
A carrot?!
I hoped the challenge would improve your performance. You could say it was a carrot.
If you'd lost confidence in me, why did you give me the Kronos suit?
Take it easy, Walter.
Honesty is always best.
We've been talking it over, Andy. Your future that is... We feel that, because we respect you so much, we have to be honest with you.
More than your friend. Family.
I know that, Charles.
Of course.
Thanks for coming in.
No sweat, buddy.
Thanks, Charles.
Bearing in mind that Bill Wright, the chairman of MacroSystems, is a close, personal friend of mine... which side of this mess would <u>you</u> desire to be on, Andy? And don't allow my very tight, personal relationship with Bill to influence your answer in any way.
It is, and it isn't, Charles. Macrosystem's new software copies all the best-known elements of Kronos' spreadsheet program. If they're allowed to sell it, Kronos will get undersold right out of business. For me, the legal principle, involved is copyright infringement.
He's upset, he's sorry.
I'm trying to help your "partner." You're not a member of his immediate family, I could have you removed from the ER.
Dr. Klenstein.  It's not a pleasant procedure, but if the KS is causing the diarrhea, we ought to know right away.
This is my partner. We keep records of hospital visits. Nothing personal.
Sounds delightful.
... meanwhile, I'd like to prepare you for a colonoscopy, so we can take a look inside.
We're waiting...
About my blood work?
Mr. Beckett, I'm sorry...
You bet. We'll see you later.
Thanks for coming by.
Sure thing.
I better get home. Lisa and I are having some friends over.
It was good working with you, Andrew. You're welcome.  Hey. Shouldn't you put that thing back on?
Excellent work, Joe. I thank you.
A good start.
What?
What do you call a thousand lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean?
Thank you.
Yes.
Can you see the lesions on your chest in this mirror?
If it please the court, I'd like to ask Mr. Beckett to remove his shirt, so that the jury can have an <u>accurate</u> idea of what we're talking about.
Yes. On my torso.
Do you have any lesions on <u>any</u> part of your body, at this time, that resemble the lesions that were on your face at the time you were fired?
Well... many things. But I think the thing I love the most, is that every once in a while, not that often, but occasionally... you get to be part of justice being done. It's really quite a thrill when that happens.
What do you love about it?
I love the law. I know the law. I excel at practicing it. It's the only thing I've ever wanted to do.
What makes you an excellent lawyer?
I'm an excellent lawyer.
Are you a good lawyer?
You don't bring your personal life into a law firm. You're not supposed to <u>have</u> a personal life, really. Anyway, I did plan to tell Charles, eventually. But then, this thing happened at the tennis club...
Can you explain <u>why</u> you didn't?
No. I didn't.
In the years you worked at Wyant Wheeler, did you ever tell Charles Wheeler you were gay?
I still am.
Except... you were gay?
I suppose you could say that.
A regular all-American guy?
You didn't look then, the way you look now?
It's possible I was infected with the HIV virus at that time, but I wasn't diagnosed until several years later.
Obviously, at this time, you weren't sick.
Possessed of an encyclopedic knowledge of the law. A razor sharp litigator, a genuine leader, gifted at bringing out the very best in others. An awesome ability to illuminate the most complex of legal concepts to colleagues, courtrooms, the person on the street.  The kind of person who plays three sets of tennis but doesn't sweat. But underneath the elegant surface, was an adventurous spirit.
What kind of person is that?
He was... the kind of person I thought I wanted to be.
What impressed you about him?
Particularly, Charles.
You're ready, don't worry.
I'll look over the Q and A.
Opera?
Want to hear my favorite aria?
Opera?
Thanks.  Do you like opera?
I know a good probate lawyer.
I've made provisions in my will for some charities. Miguel will need a lawyer. I know it's not your area...
We proceed, representing your estate.
What happens?
I've considered that.
There's a possibility I won't be around for the end of this trial.
For a healthy baby. For Lisa to make it through the delivery. For the Phillies to get into the playoffs.
What have you prayed for?
Then we establish how Wheeler's boys recruited you after law school...
Do you... pray?
What?
Charles. Okay. Miller?
Beckett?
Uh huh...
When you refer to Wheeler, call him Charles, to show how you'd been admitted to the inner circle, you were considered one of them.
Let's review these notes for your testimony. We have a big day on Monday.
Thank you for sharing that with me, Joe.
Let me tell you something, okay? When you're brought up, like the rest of us, in a place like where I was brought up, there's not a whole lot of discussion about... homosexuals. As a kid, you're taught right away that queers are weird, queers are funny, they're a danger to kids, they're afraid to fight, and they all want to cop your joint. And that pretty much sums up the general thinking out there, if you want to know the truth.
You survived your first gay party intact.
You're right.
Correct.
You think I'm uncomfortable...
Thank you.
No, we have to do it. But later, allright?
Sure. It's fine.
Excuse me, I'm having a goddamn party, is that allright with you?
Beer.  We need to go over your Q and A.
What do you want?
Let's find you a drink.
Get it?
Not bad.
I'm a law suit.
I had a blood transfusion today. I feel great.
Beckett. You seem... better. Energized, more alive...
It's me, you dork.
We're friends of Beckett's.
PARRTYY!
Any settlement agreement <u>must</u> include, and this is critical, a letter of exoneration, making clear my termination had nothing to do with the quality of my work.
One more thing, Your Honor...
Arline?
Arline decision. Supreme Court.
There is no relevant precedent.
Thank you.
So Kenton connected the... lesion, <u>and</u> whatever suspicions he had about your personal life... to this woman, Maria... and blew the whistle on you. Suddenly you're losing files, and it's time to let you go. But, up to this point, you've been their Golden Boy, their rising star... Their behavior is... inconsistent.
No. They didn't fire her.
They didn't fire her?
The partner who spotted the lesion, Walter Kenton, used to work for Benton, Myers, in D.C. There's a paralegal there, Maria Torres. She's had lesions on and off for three years. She says it was common knowledge around the office that her lesions were caused by AIDS.
One of the partners spotted a lesion on my forehead.
How did they find out?
Rayisha. Very nice.
Rayisha.
What's her name?
Huh? Oh. Great. She's great.
I'm a lawyer. How's your baby?
Find a lawyer?
What?
Who'd you get?
Fine.
Oh, Beckett. How's it goin'?
Don't send flowers, Joe. I'm not dead yet.
Beckett? I'm sorry about... what's happened to you. It's a fucking kick in the head.
Thanks for your time.
Correct. I don't.
Look. I know I have a case. If you don't want to take it for personal reasons...
I knew you were going to say that. I don't buy it, and I don't see a case.
They sabotaged me.
Okay... They want you out. It's against the law to fire you for having AIDS, so they make you look like a fuck up. Which leads us to the mysterious, lost file.
Joe, from the day I arrived to the day they fired me, I performed consistently, thoroughly and with absolute excellence. And if they hadn't fired me, that's what I'd be doing today.
Okay, okay... They discover you have this horrible, disgusting, terminal illness, and they panic, for any number of perfectly valid reasons. They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle. Maybe they don't want to rub elbows with someone who's just popped out of the closet with a terminal case of acne. And how do they explain your status to the client for Chrissake?
The law says people with disabilities cannot be terminated, so long as they can perform the duties required by their position...
As in, the vegetable?
I buy that.
Charles, I must apologize again, for the Kronos mishap.  It was a scary few minutes around here. Wow. But thank God, the complaint was found. And no damage was done.
Big trouble.
Makeup.
Hell, they are staring. What's that shit on your face?
I dove back into work, everything was fine. Until the lesions started...
Continue.
Miguel Alvarez. We've lived together for nine years.
Your... lover?
My lover and I.
We?
I was diagnosed with AIDS eight months ago. During a bout of pneumonia. I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days. Since I was doing so well on the AZT, we decided against telling anyone about it.
Continue.
Nine.
How many lawyers did you go to, before you called me?
I misplaced an important complaint. That's their story. Want to hear mine?
Continue.
Correct. I'm seeking representation.
You want to sue Wyant Wheeler Hellerman Tetlow and Brown?
I was fired by Wyant Wheeler. I plan to bring a wrongful termination suit against Charles Wheeler and his partners.
Thanks, Beckett. I'm real excited about it.  What can I do for you?
Kids are great.
Little baby girl.
Congratulations.
One week old.
New baby?
Uh, yeah.
It's okay. Can I sit down?
Whoa-oh!  Sorry, I...
I have AIDS.
Jesus Christ, what happened to you?
Funny.
Client of yours?
I know what it means. Your Honor, imagine how the children in this neighborhood have been made to feel. The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs! And Counselor calls it harmless?!
Defined by Webster's as harmless.
Innocuous?
Your Honor, I submit there were no complaints until Counselor began knocking on doors, drumming up business. And the dust, which Counselor refers to, has appeared on only three occasions. Each time it has been examined and the results...
Your Honor, since Rockwell Corp. began construction, the surrounding residential neighborhood has been enshrouded in a cloud of foul-smelling, germ-carrying, pestilent dust. My client is being forced to breathe known carcinogens daily! Other residents are coming forth on a daily basis to add their voices of outrage!
Get down to Word Processing. Help Jamey look.
What can I do?
Fucking Word Processing lost my Kronos complaint. Which must be filed by fucking five o'clock! If it's late, there's no case...  Every problem has a solution.
I thought I was supposed to be covering for you.  God, Andy, you look awful.
Catch me later, I'll be here. And tell Amy, I love her painting, it's on my wall.
I'm late, I have to pick up Amy from her afterschool but I want to talk to you about that Hansen thing.
Rach.
Thank you.
No. I can't really see it.
Answer the question, please.
By the time I was fired, there were four lesions on my face, much bigger...
One. Here, in front of my ear.
Do you have any lesions on your face at this time?
Absolutely.
And it's your contention, that when the partners were made aware of the lesions, they jumped to the conclusion you had AIDS and fired you.
That's right.
You've testified the lesions on your face were visible to the people you worked with, correct?
Yes.
Really?
Miguel has not been infected. As I said, we weren't aware of AIDS, then, or how it is spread.
You could have infected him, isn't that right?
Yes.
Isn't it true you have spent your life pretending to be something you're not, so much so that the art of concealment and dishonesty has become second nature to you?!
In some situations.
As a homosexual, one is often forced to conceal one's sexuality, is that right?
Some do. I didn't.
Do other lawyers at the firm keep pictures of their spouses or fiances on their desks?
No.
Did you keep a picture of your lover on your desk?
That is <u>not</u> correct. I never lied about it.
While you were employed at Wyant Wheeler, you did everything you could to make sure no one knew you were an active homosexual, correct?
No.
Do you need a break?
I'd heard of <u>something</u>. The gay plague, gay cancer, but... we didn't know how you could get it, or that it could kill you.
You'd <u>heard</u> of AIDS in 1984, 85?
That happened once. People weren't talking about AIDS then, the way we are now. Or safe sex.
But you <u>were</u> having anonymous sex in porno theaters in 1984 and 1985?
It's impossible to know exactly when or how I was infected with HIV.
Were you aware in 1984 or 1985 that there was a fatal disease out there, called AIDS, and that you could contract it through sexual activity?
I guess it was 1984, 85.
When? Approximately what year did this event take place?
Yes.
Do men have sex with each other in that theater?
Yes.
Gay <u>pornographic</u> movies?
Gay movies.
What kind of movies do they show there?
Have you ever been to the Apollo Cinema on Sansom Street?
Not unnecessary ones.
In general. Do you take risks in other areas of your life?
In my work? Yes. Calculated risks. You have to.
Do you take risks?
Something like that.
You said earlier you aspired to be the kind of person who had "an adventurous spirit." Is that correct?
Thanks, Mom... Dad?
All I know is, you got through your diagnosis fine, like a trooper. But when they fired you... you were so devastated, Andy... I don't expect any of my kids to sit in the back of the bus. Fight for your rights.
Mom?
He's out in his shed showing your uncle his new riding mower.
Where's Dad?
Ancient. How do you think I feel? Put that thing down and give me a hug.  Andrew, stop! ... He still doesn't listen.
Hi, Mom. How do you feel on your fortieth anniversary?
Are you on one of those conference calls? I hate when you put me on hold.
Gillman says I'm fine. My blood work is excellent. T-cells are up. Just a sec ...  Yes, I think that would alleviate most of our concerns.  My platelets look good too.
Hold on, Mom.  There's no way my client will go along with that.
What's Dr. Gillman say?
I'm fine.
Andy! This is a nice surprise. How are you, hon?
Hi, Mom. It's me.
Hello?
Thank you.
Yes. I'm now in charge of the paralegal department.
Were you recently promoted?
Yes.
Miss Burton? Do you still work at Wyant Wheeler?
Objection.
He was losing weight. He looked kind of tired sometimes. But he was working so hard... Still, I felt something was wrong.  And I can't believe <u>they're</u> saying they didn't notice anything.
Thank you. No more questions.
I said my earrings <u>are</u> American. They're African-American.
What did you say?
Apparently, Mr. Wheeler felt they were too... "ethnic" is the word she used. She said he would like it if I wore something smaller, less garish, and... more "American."
Your earrings?
Well... One time, Mr. Wheeler's secretary, Lydia, told me Mr. Wheeler had a problem with my earrings.
In what way?
Yes.
No. Have you ever felt discriminated against, at Wyant Wheeler?
Is that a question?
Ms. Burton. You're black.
Your Honor, if Mr. Beckett was forced by his illness to use a wheelchair, would the defense ask him to park it outside? We're talking about AIDS, we're talking about lesions. Let's <u>see</u> what we're talking about.
We object, Your Honor. It would unfairly influence the jury.
I'll withdraw it. Mr. Beckett? Were you living with Miguel Alvarez in 1984 or 1985 when you had your anonymous sexual encounter in the porn theater?
Objection!
I'll withdraw.  You were aware, when you worked with Maria Torres, that she had AIDS, correct?
Objection!
I'll rephrase.  Did you have anything to do with this file being... misplaced?
Objection!
Fact. Andrew Beckett performed at a consistently mediocre level. Fact. He made a grievous error on a multi-million dollar lawsuit... Fact. He claims he is the victim of lies and deceit. Fact. Andrew Beckett lied to his employers, going to great efforts to conceal his disease from them. Fact. He was successful in his duplicity. The partners at Wyant Wheeler did <u>not</u> know Andrew Beckett had AIDS when they fired him...
And, when lawyers break the law, when this society loses respect for the law, when that day comes, our cherished institutions will be burned to the ground, and our children and grandchildren will live like savages.
Or unprotected sex with someone you didn't know very well, any time during the last twelve years.
Uh.... No. Not really.
Unprotected sex with a prostitute.
Get real.
A homosexual encounter.
Thanks, Doc, but I don't need an AIDS test. Are you crazy? But thanks for the information. Really.
Not by touching, or shaking hands, or hugging, using the same toilet... Even kissing someone with AIDS is safe. But it there's something in your past you're worried about...
It doesn't travel through the air, by breathing, or touching, right?
Right.
The guy sat in my office! You can't get AIDS that way, right?
You want to give me an AIDS <u>test</u>?!
Joe. I don't care a whit about your private life.
Why are we going to do that?
We're going to draw blood.
Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease? So you tell me, today, there's no danger, and I go home, and I hold my baby, and six months from now I hear on the news: "whoops! We were wrong.' You <u>can</u> carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid. What are you doing?
Leave that.
Right.
The HIV virus can only be transmitted through the exchange of bodily fluids, namely blood and semen.
I'm not worried. What are you doing?
You had contact with someone who has AIDS, and you're worried.
Since that time I've devoted more thought to the subject, and that's how I feel now.
Five months ago you characterized Andrew Beckett as caviar and now you're calling him a cheeseburger. Your standards have shifted a great deal, and I'd like to know why you've changed your mind.
I might.
It's a long way between being overwhelmed and being satisfied. A cheeseburger may be satisfying whereas caviar and champagne and roast duck and baked Alaska for dessert might be considered overwhelming. Do you agree?
It satisfied me.
Did that thrill, impress and overwhelm you?
We won.
Okay, Mr. Laird. Explain this to me like I'm a four year old: Did Andrew Beckett win your lawsuit for you or not?
I may have said something like that. But that's not how I feel at this moment.
According to the deposition, you said you were "thrilled, impressed, overwhelmed" by the quality of Andrew Beckett's work. Do you remember saying that?
That's correct.
Mr. Laird, when I approached you about being a witness at this trial, and you agreed, you gave sworn testimony in a deposition. Is that correct?
We were satisfied.
Were you pleased with his work?
That's correct.
But, Andrew Beckett was in charge of litigation for the suit.
Wyant Wheeler represented us.
Andrew Beckett represented your company in a lawsuit in 1990, is that correct?
People who want to bend the rules...
What kind of people?
Sometimes it seems like society is <u>run</u> by these kinds of people.
Yes, character. To the extent that it affects a person's ability to do a great job.
Explain to me, if you can, Mr. Wheeler, explain this to me like I'm a ten year-old. This trial is not about a disease, is that what you're saying? <u>Not</u> about your understandable, if unfounded, fear of catching AIDS through casual contact with someone who has it? You're saying, this trial is about Andrew Beckett's character. Am I getting this right?
... we've got a committee meeting.
But he's got lots of other people's lives to ruin...
And I hate to rush you out of here, but...
We don't think it's fair to keep you here, where your future is limited. But we wish you luck, Andy, all the luck in the world.
In a word, yes.
Let's put it this way, Andy: your place in the future of this firm is no longer secure.
You're in trouble.
Andy. Before we begin, I'd just like to say: everyone in this room is your friend.
Get a life.
You're the asshole, buddy.
Fuck you! You want to kick my ass? You want to try?  Asshole.
Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys?
Take it as a compliment. Geesh.
Relax? I ought to kick your faggoty little ass for you!
Do I look gay to you? Relax.
What's the matter with you? Do I look gay to you?
Aren't you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... do you think... ? You think <u>I'm</u>...  ... gay?
Would you like to have a drink with me? I just finished a game, I could use a beer.  I don't pick up people in drug stores every day.
Great.
Second.
Good school. What year?
Night, honey.
I'll see you in an hour, max.
My lettuce is wilting.
Did I ever tell you, I hate costume parties?
Great, Lisa. Thank you.
Okay, so... help me with this one, Joe... Is it disgusting for someone to put his dick into someone's mouth? Or, is it disgusting for someone to take a dick into <u>their</u> mouth?
Lisa, c'mon. One guy sticking his dick in another guy's mouth? It's disgusting.
Two men making love... ? Now tell me again... <u>why</u> is that disgusting?
Yeah... ?
Joe?
Very funny. I had a box of Pampers under my arm for Chrissake!
Have you changed your aftershave?
Is there some kind of expression I've picked up from Beckett?! Some kind of fairy attitude I've unconsciously adopted?! Am I walking different?! Some kind of vocal thing?! Have I picked up some kind of homo <u>vibe</u>?!
Don't know, Joe.
Would you take a client if you were constantly thinking: "I hope this guy doesn't touch me. I don't even want him to <u>breathe</u> on me?"
That's perfectly clear.
And the way they work out, pumping up, so they can be macho and faggot at the same time... I can't <u>stand</u> that shit. Now I'm being totally honest with you.
Fine, Joe.
I mean, two guys, doing the horizontal thing? I don't get it. Don't they get confused? "Is that mine? I thought it was yours." Hey, call me old fashioned, call me conservative... I think maybe you have to be a man to get just how nauseating the whole basic idea really is.
Okay, Joe...
Allright. I admit it: I'm prejudiced. I don't want to work with a homosexual. You got me.
Probably since she was born.
Since when?
Duh...
Your Aunt Teresa is gay? That beautiful, sensuous woman is a... <u>lesbian</u>?
Karen Berman. Aunt Teresa. My cousin Tommy who lives in Rochester. Eddie Meyers from the office. Joe Cantwell, he's one of the partners. His lover, Greg. Stanley, the guy who's putting in our kitchen cabinets.
Who?
Lots.
How many do you know?
How many gays do you know?
Not especially.
You have a problem with gays, Joe.
Give me the camera, Joe.
You load the film... ? No, on this side... or this side? Don't move the baby!
Tell Iris all about it.  Take good care of Mrs. Finley, Iris.  Beckett, come in.
Now that you mention it...
Of course you have a case! Now, I want you to go with my assistant, Iris, and fill out some forms. She'll tell you about our fee arrangement.  Mrs. Finley? Any back pain since the accident? Dizziness? Nightmares?
Yeah. Do I have a case?
Why should I?
Why didn't you cross at the crosswalk?
Right.
I felt, and still feel, nothing but the deepest sympathy and compassion for people like Maria, who have contracted this terrible disease through no fault of their own.
But didn't you avoid contact with Ms. Torres, after you found out she had AIDS? She says you acted repulsed by her and you avoided her, is that correct?
I <u>know</u> the difference. That doesn't mean I'm always able to recognize the difference.
So you are aware of the difference between a lesion and a bruise, is that correct?
<u>She</u> didn't try to conceal it.
Like firing Andrew Beckett taught <u>him</u> a lesson?
Yes, we did.
You taught him a lesson.
We stuck his head in the latrine, after ten of us had used it.
How did you do that?
Yeah. But we took care of him.
Like... two sailors playing hide the salami.
Going on... like...?
So during those long voyages, months at a time, out to sea, no women in sight, a hundred, hardworking, robust, young men, in the prime of their life, at the peak of their natural appetites, desires, their god- given, hormonal <u>instincts</u>... Anything going on?
Not when I was in the Navy.
Any women on board?
Anywhere from two weeks, to several months.
A trial takes <u>time</u>, Beckett. Do you know what I'm saying?
Whoa, whoa...  What do you expect them to say, you're Alan Dershowitz?
Beckett?
Your Honor? May I have ten minutes in re-direct?
This would be a good time to break for the day...
You had one guy "like that?"
Let's continue.
No. We don't... However, as regards this witness, I'm going to sustain the defense's objection.
With all due respect, Your Honor... We don't live in this courtroom, do we?
In this courtroom, Mr. Miller, justice is blind. To matters of race, creed, color, religion. And sexual orientation.
Very good, Joe. Now, Belinda, I've got a figure over here, of one million, five. I...
Based on what my client would have earned over the next three years, including benefits and projected raises, and the extraordinary cost of medical care for someone with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome... We would settle today for the very fair amount of one million five hundred thousand dollars.
Hold it, Joe.  He wants to come back to work, Chuck.
Reinstatement at full salary. Back pay covering the period of unemployment and...
By God you <u>will</u> settle it! If you force this case to trial, young man, you'll regret it for the rest of your natural-born days... Now, Joseph. What would you require to settle this matter today?
If it please Your Honor, we <u>hope</u> to settle this matter.
On behalf of the defendants?
I'll take that under consideration, Your Honor.
I've seen your television commercials. "If you or anyone you know has been injured through the fault of others... It should say, "through the <u>negligence</u> of others."
Joseph Miller, Your Honor. Macready and Shilts Legal Services.
Attorney for the plaintiff?
You have to make a decision: is this guy partner material?
... to suit their personal desires, and the rest of us have to live with it.
Andy, you don't want this.
You'll be sorry, Beckett.
Holy Shit. Did you, Bob?
Wait a minute. The man was fired for incompetence, not because he has AIDS. You didn't know he was sick, did you, Bob?
We ought to be suing him.
Andrew brought AIDS into our offices, into our men's room. He brought AIDS to our annual goddamn family picnic.
Dr. J.!
Julius!
Helloooo...
Andy. It seems that something has come over you, lately: A kind of... stupor, a fogginess, a lack of focus... Earth to Andy. Anybody home?
Kings are out of fashion. I'd rather be thought of as a benevolent tyrant.  It's an anti-trust action.
It's good to be King, hey Charles?
... It's time to get this society back on track!
... But we shouldn't have fired him...
... But now, we're standing up for ourselves...
I didn't tell the others, I was afraid to...
If you feel differently, Bob, you should say so, when you're called to the stand. After all, this isn't a conspiracy.
Charles...
Very interesting, Bob. Let's make a note of that. Andy didn't lose the complaint in his computer. He never put it in. He lied about that, too.
No matter how hard I try, I can't lose a file in my computer.
... keep them from that area, on grounds of relevancy.  What, Bob?
I've discovered something interesting, Charles.
Bob. I must ask you to shut the fuck up. Did Andrew Beckett say "I might not be able to serve our clients to the <u>best of my ability</u>?" He said nothing. And now, Andrew Beckett proposes to haul me into a court of law, to sling accusations at me, in full view of the entire, Philadelphia, judicial establishment. My God.
He was doing a great job.
Bob. You're trying my patience. Andrew Beckett is making his private life our business. We gave him Kronos. Did he say, "I'm sick. I might not be able to see this through?"
That's kind of... extreme, Walt. Andy's private life is none of our business.
Let's settle with Andy and put this whole tragic mess behind us.
What deviant groups or organizations did he secretly belong to?  What is it, Bob?!
Charles...
What about other homosexual facilities, whatever they are?
Jesus.
... interview every employee, support staff, associates, partners. Did <u>any</u> of them know Andy was sick? <u>How</u> did they know? Did he tell them? Did they notice something was wrong with his appearance? None of this information got to the managing partners. We know that. Make sure everyone else does too... And Beckett: I want to know everything about his personal life. Did he frequent those pathetic bars on Camac Street?
