It's Igor at the Wax Museum! You'll find your judge embalmed in wax! He's a statue of Voltaire, with all the other corpses! The whole place is a morgue -- do you hear? -- a morgue! 
You lie!
No -- the only thing I did for him was to keep track of the man named Worth that runs the place where you arrested me tonight.
But you were in on it -- you worked for him.
No -- I didn't. It was Igor at the waxworks.
You killed him!  Come on with the rest of it. You killed him!
Well, thank goodness, that's settled.
I think so.
Yeah, but they leave you plenty.
If you're going to be indiscreet, I wish you'd be a little more discreet about it. Rich men, like Winton, love you and leave you.
No? Give me a chance, baby. Money is music in my ears, and when his old man kicks off there'll be a million dollar tune.
You wouldn't get mixed up with that little rotter, would you?
I'm hungry. I'll eat the first child I see. And I've an appointment with young Winton at 8:30.
What's the rush? There's no first act. They'll all be there and we don't have to appear at any particular time.
Ouch! Eat? You can do a solo if you don't step on it. I'm going to bow out on you.
Why didn't you eat last night?
I can't convince the inner woman that we can wait. She's howling for a bit of ground beef before we drop in on Santa Claus and the other dummies. I've only had a cup of coffee since last night.
There's no hurry. It's early.
I'll have it for supper.  So long.
But what about lunch?
Then marry Ralph ... you'll be the happiest couple in the world.
You think money is the only requisite. It happens that the poor people are happier.
He can look like a chimpanzee and act like an igorot but he must have dough -- plenty of dough.
You would.
All right, you raise the kids -- I'll raise the roof. I'd rather die with an athletic heart from shaking cocktails and bankers, than expire in a pan of dirty dish water.
I don't agree with you.
I've been in love so many times my heart is calloused ... but I've never hit one with dough. This love-in-an-attic isn't my idea of a way to spend a pleasant afternoon.
I don't think you could have a real affair. You couldn't care for anyone.
I don't have any affairs. What do you mean?
In the can.  The hoosegow! Mrs. Winton's little boy. The Pawk Avenue Wintons, you know ... and plenty of do-re-mi.  He's in the jail-house now ...
Did you? Where?
I met one last night ... all the money this side of Peoria.
I don't see any big-moneyed boys running after you.
I just had a picture of you telling a landlady some day that you didn't have the rent, but Ralph is awful sweet.
What are you laughing at?
I wish you wouldn't be so sarcastic about Ralph. He's the sweetest kid I know.
I wondered. Did he invite you to lunch, or did you invite him?
Yes, why?
I'm glad you told me. Good night, Mr. Burton.
That's the way I feel about it.
So that's the way it is?
Well, that's just how stupid I am. When you go riding, it will be with me. And if it's with someone else, you can make it a permanent arrangement.
I'd call it stupid at any time.
You wouldn't have said that before you met her.
I'm not quarreling, only ...
Are we going to have the same quarrel over again?
Don't kid yourself -- she means it.
She thinks it's funny to talk the way she does, but--
Well, I do say it.
I won't let you say that!
What's nice about her? ... a hard-boiled little gold digger.
Nonsense. She's one of the nicest girls I know.
She isn't anybody's friend, and I don't like you living with her. She's a bad influence.
But why? She's the best friend I've got.
Delighted, I'm sure. 
Why, certainly, sir. My fiancée. Charlotte, may I present Mr. Igor.
Well, you see, the old chap is pretty anxious to open on schedule. All of his advertising announced the opening tonight.
Disappoint me? Why, what do you mean, dear?
And I have no desire to hurt you. You will always be beautiful. Think, my child, in a thousand years you will be as lovely as you are now.
Please, oh, please, I haven't done anything to hurt you.
Ralph! Ralph!
We have found immortality, you and I. You must not be afraid.
Let me go! Let me go!
It is no trouble at all, my child. This is the strange, vicarious pleasure that remains for me -- to see others enjoy the beauty I used to create.  My footing is not too secure.
Oh, please, Mr. Igor, I'm terribly ashamed. I shouldn't have put you to so much trouble.
I'd love to.
And he will probably demand the life of anyone who agrees with you. Let him think it was his fault ... He should be along very shortly .. . But be very stern before you forgive him, especially if it is your fault  ...  While you're waiting for your friend, would you like to see some new figures I have downstairs?
But it was really my fault.
Oh, you children, you happy children. You've quarreled and now you're going to be friends again. And that is as it should be. Never let any stupid misunderstandings come between you.
No -- I -- wanted to speak to Ralph. We had a silly argument last night and I said something unkind.
Oh! So, my little friend, you have honored me by accepting my invitation of last night.
Oh! Mr. Igor! -- I'm so glad you're here -- I don't know why I should be, but I was a little bit afraid.
They are.  My boy, I think you are right. Everyone is tired out today and now that we have seen my doors open in a new country, I am beginning to realize that I am a little tired myself. You can call that fellow in from the front. I think we'll close for the night.
But I think these things are beautiful.
At any time. You will always be welcome.
We'll be coming to the opening.
I'd love to, at any time.
Although you would be amused if I were to tell you that I knew you before you were born. Before this terrible thing happened to me ...  ... I made a very beautiful statue. Even if I had not met with this disaster, I could never have hoped to do anything finer, probably nothing quite so fine. And, my child, you are that figure come to life. I wonder, some time, would you pose for one of my sculptors who does very excellent work?
Thank you.
If you will forgive this poor, crippled stump, my dear, I am very happy to know you.
Nothing doing. This is my percentage. You birds are going to get yours. And anyhow, I found this dump.
Hey, what do you think you're doing? Put that stuff back!
I don't know what he was, but he made Frankenstein look like a lily!
You mean he was colored?
Not a very good one, I guess. He wasn't like anything human. He hobbled and swayed like a monkey, and the face, from the glimpse I got of it in the light from the street, was like an African war mask.
How quaint. But I can go any place you can. 
It happens that I'm the law.
Whatever you are, you're the only one of it.
What do you think I am?
Listen, copper, get a load of this. While you're chinning yourself on a bar rail, I run down this story ... my story. Consider yourself my assistant.
Don't take my word for it. Get down there yourself and give a look.
Are you giving me this straight?
I'm not kidding. Joan Gale's body is packed in the box in the basement, and I saw the most horrible thing down there.
Hello, Express. What's the idea, trying to outsmart the police?
The body of Joan Gale!
What! What are you talking about?
I'm going to get even with you, you dirty stiff! I'll do it!
That's what I said.
Yes, you could. Cut out this rotten business and act like a lady. Marry me.
Listen, stupid, could I do anything that would possibly meet with your approval?
I'm going to make you eat dirt, you soap bubble! I'm going to make you beg for somebody to help you let go!
What goofy idea have you got now? Don't tell me you suspect Judge Ramsey of stealing the body.
Was there any art on Judge Ramsey?
Go on, little girl, take your troubles somewhere else. I don't feel like talking to you.
Say, you're always razzing everything I do, but this is one time I'm in.
What do you mean -- haywire? You start out after murderers and come back with three-for-a-dime bootleggers. You start to solve murder mysteries and break up crap games. You're grand! I'm for you! Stupendous!
This one's a story, but I'm not going to tell you what it is. Every time I tell you anything it goes haywire.
You here again like an evil spirit to mar my happiness?
Mit me, kid. I've got a classic.
Almost! I'll still bet I'm right, and let you write your own ticket.
Almost certain.
No kiddin'?
That dear, innocent Judge Ramsey that you were so sure got bumped off for knowing too much has been located in South America.
What do you mean?
Oh, by the way, another pet theory of yours just blew up.
All right, Master Mind.  But there's something cockeyed about that joint and I'm going to find out what it is. 
Come down to earth. Do you think they would dare do anything like that? Don't you think they'd know that figure would be recognized? Shake your head real hard -- you'll be all right.
Let it go.
Work that up into a comic strip and syndicate it.
And it came to life and divorced you. I know all about that. Now my idea is this: Somebody swipes the girl's body, takes impression, makes a mold, produces wax figure ... Bingo! ... Peddles it to this old skate down there!
I used to be married to one.
Listen, Jo-jo. Does this mean anything to you? Joan Gale's body swiped from the morgue -- Did you ever hear of such a thing as a death mask?
About the Gale girl, I mean. Where do we go from there? What of it?
What!
We'll grant that.
Just this -- I got a look at that dump a little while ago and if they haven't got a wax figure of Joan Gale in that line-up, then I'm crazy.
No kiddin'. What's your idea?
All right, you poor baboon, you can guess the rest of it!
Well, you can't blame a guy for getting a little breathless with a scoop like that.
I asked you to keep your trap shut!
Now don't that call for an extra!
Jim, there's a little hokey-pokey wax museum opening up down on 14th Street.
All right, wise guy. Go ahead. Spill it.
Listen, Jim -- and if you wisecrack while I'm talking I'll crown you with the inkwell.
Well, no one would ever suspect it. You don't sound right.
I am right! I know I'm right!
So you can give me an argument and tell me I'm wrong. Don't be sil, Kid.
Well, why so mysterious! Come on, spill it.
Hey, Mattie, dig into the morgue and send up all the art you have on Joan Gale.
I want to see the original pictures of Joan Gale.
Come in, Prussic Acid. What's on your mind?
Get out of here.
Which one is me? The horse?
Sleep on it ... we'll get it tomorrow.
No, there's another point I want to iron out.
Great! ... If he's worthless we'll give him away as a bridge prize. Come on -- beat it. It's five o'clock. You need some sleep.
On the square, Jimmy, if you'd seen Winton down there -- I'm not holding a brief for him -- maybe he's a dirty pup, but he's scared and hysterical -- and so kinda dumb and worthless ...
Nope, I'm through!
Hey, come here, Sob-sister!
All right, you said I was fired. Well, I quit! Give the assignment to somebody else. 
You cannot. I'm still editor of this sheet.
Well, that's got nothing to do with this case. Can I handle this my way?
Whooey -- he took a run-out powder.
Or was bumped off by someone who was afraid of him.
Except that he disappeared when things got too hot.
And they never proved anything against him.
Oh, you won't -- you were pretty tough about Judge Ramsey -- a little while ago --
Well, I won't work on it from that angle.
You don't think he'd be sap enough to do the job himself. I hope they give him the works. Even if he didn't kill the kid, he's responsible for her death, and they can fry him any time without making me sore.
Well, anyway, he couldn't have copped that body -- he was in jail.
I'm glad to hear it. When did you go in for crusading in the cause of justice? This lousy mug, with all the money in the world, has had two or three nasty affairs. He's kept out o' print because his great- grandfather was smarter than the Indians.
You give me a pain!
He's getting a break, ain't he? He's front page.
No, I mean it. I think this kid's entitled to a break.
And ruin a perfectly good story? Don't be silly.
I wouldn't be trying, beloved. I would hang him! And another thing, all this gaga about the body disappearing. Eight bodies have been stolen in New York within the last eighteen months. Doesn't it seem more reasonable to hook this up from that angle?
Why the goose pimples? If he wasn't social register -- if it was somebody like me, you'd be trying to hang him.
If this kid was some unknown soda jerker, they wouldn't have pinched him. But he's George Winton and they're playing him up. It's a Roman holiday for every paper hat editor in New York.
Well, ain't that a shame. Nice little chappie that wouldn't harm a fly ... everybody picking on the little fellow.
Quick, Watson, the cookbook!
That is none of our business.  But you bring me something for the next edition if it's only a recipe for spaghetti! 
And how does one go about getting these human documents, may I inquire?
Well, is it my fault if nothing happens?
All right, what about it? We get out a paper just the same. Did you ever stop to think of that?
What do you mean, you poor ham! This is New Year's!
I'm through clowning. You're all washed up. Get out!
That you're a sure bet to place in the bread line. There's no room on this rag for the purely ornamental. You're easy on the eyes and pretty conceited about it.
Meaning what?
Great. Consider yourself crippled -- financially. See if you can jar your charming friends loose from enough to eat on.
Charming. More delightful people crippled.
Yeah.  Have a pleasant vacation?
Where did you get the news item?  From a little bird?
Been doing experiments with Scotch and soda again?
As I live and breathe and wear spats ... the prince.
Well, maybe it was. I don't remember.  You got to do something for me, I can't stand it any longer -- I can't!
You used to go to Worth's place a whole lot. What makes you sure it wasn't there?
No, sir, I'm sure it wasn't there.
You didn't happen to be going to Worth's place, did you?
No, sir. About three months ago.
Don't remember what day that was, do you?
I don't remember. Not so very far--
Where were you going when you got in that cab?
Yes, sir. I got in the cab and it was layin' there on the floor.
Thanks.
It's all yours.
Don't give this to anybody else, will you?
There's an autopsy ordered at Bellevue immediately. You better skip over there.
Make it snappy, Colonel.
Hotcha! Saved, one job!
Nothing. Only she may have tried to blackmail him. You know such things have happened. Anyway, he was at her apartment a few hours before she was found dead.
What does that prove?
Why would I string y'? They were sweeties until a month ago.
Say, if you're stringin' me, Old-Timer ...
Don't they? He's down at The Tombs right now.
They don't suspect <I>him</I>?
That's the one.
Old Howard Winton's cub?
Do you know George Winton?
No foolin' -- any suspect?
Oh, yeah? Maybe she didn't commit suicide. She may have been murdered!
Yes, she committed suicide yesterday. That's not news. I heard about it last year.
I've got a story for you. You know the Joan Gale girl?
I've got to make news, if I have to bite a dog.  Hey, Kelly! Oh, mi gosh, even he walked out on me.
No kiddin'.
I'm people which the old year saw out. I'm canned, fired!
Fine. You're the first reporter in here for two hours. You people seeing the old year out?
How's every little thing?
Call the Homicide Squad!
Here's a wow.
Stories scarcer than caviar at a street cleaner's banquet, and he says, bring me a yarn. All I have to do is get a story.
I told you he was a sore.
Ain't that something. The mad monk of Manhattan. Here goes nothing.  Listen to the animal cracker roar like a lion.
Listen, Flo, cut it out. Hard-Tack is pretty sore.
Plain-clothes man.  Come on, slaves, drink and be merry for tomorrow you might be appointed correspondent to Washington ... a fate worse than death.
What do you mean police dog?
He's not a stag hound. His name is Kelly and he's a police dog.
Where'd you get the stag hound?
Better cut that out.  That's what happens to girls who bite their nails.  What's wrong?
Ralph, come here a minute, will you?
No. I wanted to do it without saying anything. I think he's worth it.
Gee, that's great. After the bad opening that night the old boy was pretty blue. This will pep him up. Have you told him about it?
Well, I'll tell you a secret. I kinda like the old gent and I'm trying to build a special Sunday Magazine story out of him. It might help him a whole lot. But that's a side issue -- something I do on my own time.
I guess so. But wouldn't it be better for you to wait until the old man's here?
I'm after news, as usual. I wonder if it would be all right for me to slip in and look around your factory?
What are you people doing out in the middle of the night?
Horsefeathers!
Nix, Flo -- he won't let you in and you'll only get me in Dutch.
Who? Old Santa Claus there? That's easy for anyone with my sex appeal. He's a pushover. Watch me stand that old dodo on his ear.
No use. He's a crab, I tell you.
He might get some publicity out of it.
Don't worry -- she'll get used to it.
Gee, honey-bunch, I'm sorry -- I'm going to have to disappoint you.
Fine, thanks.
Don't ask any questions. Come on!
What is it? What happened?
Well, that being the case, I'll take it up with the board of directors. Hey, listen, aviator, here we are!
Heaven knows. A lot.
How much money have you got?
You don't believe me. You think I'm just talking. Will you marry me?
Oh, is that what caused it?
No, really -- I'm crazy about you.
It doesn't usually take that long, but I'll forgive you -- you were in a tough spot when I met you.
I suppose this is going to sound absurd. I've only known you twenty-four hours, but I'm in love with you.
--and so determined to live that I'm going to get out and take a taxi if you don't watch where you're going.
Darned if I don't! 
You go in for dangerous things.
Why?
No -- No -- I -- I -- I don't want to see it. 
There she is! You'll find Joan Gale in that box.
I told you what to do. Drive around the corner out of sight of the house. I want to get a closer look at the place.
Please. I'm sorry. I'll see it through. What do you want me to do?
All right, brother. Then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
I told you I didn't want to mix in it.
What! And let every rag in town grab a red-hot story? Not so you could notice it! Now, look, I want you to drive me around the corner and wait for me.
Not even then. The police are the proper people to conduct this affair. Now if you've got any suspicions I'll drive you to the nearest police station.
Not even if it gives you a clean bill of health?
Now look here. It's not up to us to do our own detective work. I've had enough trouble over this matter. I don't want anything more to do with it.
That's what they're going to ask you.
Who'd steal her body?
That happens to be the truth.
Then why are you telling me a crazy lie? ...
Hold on, hold on. I'm trying to help you, if you're on the square, and I think you are.
Stolen! What are you trying to do to me? ... You're working with the police! ... You're trying to make me say something that can be used against me! You're trying ...
Well, let's get back to the case in hand. They ordered an autopsy and discovered her body had been stolen from the morgue.
No.  Why didn't I take her out somewhere? But she was laughing and seemed so happy.
You weren't going with her?
We planned a trip for her. I was going to send her to Bermuda.
I see. Was that all she said?
She laughed and told me that we were being silly, that we didn't care for each other any more but we needn't hate each other ...  ... She said she wanted to be friends.
Uh-huh. Do you remember what she said? What did you talk about?
They didn't give me a chance. We had a couple of drinks and she was all right then. She seemed happy.
Hmmm. Why didn't you tell that to the police?
For a few minutes the afternoon before -- before --
Your dad has stood for plenty. Now let's get down to cases. When did you see the Dale girl last?
My lawyers will be on the job in a little while, and I warn you people anything you print about me you've got to prove. Dad won't stand for--
That's what I said.
Cry-baby?
Listen, kid. You're in a tough spot, and you can make it a whole lot easier for yourself if you cut out the cry-baby stuff --
Yes, sure, that's fine. While I'm proving my innocence, you people are going to uncover every petty kid trick I ever did ... you're going to write editorials about every cocktail I ever drank. Anything that any sane, normal person might have done will have a sinister meaning, if I did it.  Go on! Get out! I don't want to talk to you! 
Come on, old man, that won't do. You know you're innocent until proven guilty.
Yeah. I suppose you people will crucify me for something I didn't do.  I didn't! You understand that! ... I didn't do it! She -- tried before -- 
Good night.  And I am very grateful to you.
Good night, sir.
It will always afford me great pleasure to see you. 
I regret I can't spend the time I'd like with your exhibition, but I'm going to worry the life out of you when I come back. 
You will have won the undying gratitude of us all.  Is that not so, Marie Antoinette?
She will undoubtedly keep her promise. If you'll grant me the privilege, I'd like to submit this work to the Royal Academy when I get back.
My partner believes that I should build a horror chamber, immortalizing the hideous crimes and criminals of London. At such times Marie Antoinette has reassured me, she has promised me recognition for the devotion I gave to her.
Even those delicate veins, the texture of this flesh -- I have never seen anything more exquisite.
You are too gracious. These things have some merit, I suspect ... but this--  ... I am convinced, is fine. 
Not at all -- let me show you how easily it can be done. 
You're insane.
Well, what do you think I'm in this for?  Think of it, man, a match -- a cigar stub -- and ten thousand pounds to divide between us!
And they are welcome to them. To perpetuate such creatures is to celebrate their crimes.
You've got to permit it! Whose fault is it that no one comes here? The museum at Walston Lane does well enough, and why? They've got Jack the Ripper, Burke and Hare, the Mad Butcher, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street and things people pay to see.
And you think I will permit this, my friend?
I'm not asking you anything. I'm telling you what I'm going to do!
You are asking to burn these people ... you are asking? ... 
I want the money back I've thrown into this rubbish heap.
A fire! Is this your idea of humor, my friend?
Yes, there's our way out. A fire in this place would give us ten thousand pounds.
Fire insurance!
No -- I'm lying to amuse myself!  Now look here, I've an idea that will get us out of all this. We haven't twopence between us, but we've got these. 
Is that a fact?
Something important has got to come of it! Do you know that the rent on this place isn't paid?
Your money may have been well invested, my friend. Something important may come of all this.
That is unfortunate.
I came back for some of the books. I am trying to straighten out the accounts. I don't hope to impress you, but I may as well tell you: We haven't a farthing!
Quite so. Quite so.  And you, my little friend, my little Marie Antoinette. It is kind of you to be present.
I wouldn't feel too disappointed at the slimness of your audience tonight, Mr. Igor. The weather was against you, and the people are tired and getting over their celebration and preparing to go to work tomorrow.
All right, I'll tell them. They're right here in front.
If you leave before the work is done, you will be gone for a much longer period ... you will be gone for good.
I will only be gone about half an hour.
That is unfortunate. They will have to wait.
But I have some friends waiting.
To lunch, you say. I am having coffee and sandwiches sent in. We are not leaving until we have everything ready for the opening.
To lunch.
If it is freedom to represent people with limbs that don't match -- cripples -- you have achieved your purpose. Anatomy! Heaven forgive you. You must have studied with a sideshow of freaks!
But the composition as a whole -- I've tried to keep a sketchy freedom.
Everything, my friend. And you hope to be a great sculptor --  A great sculptor. Look -- this forearm is at least two inches too long.
That doesn't seem so bad to me. What is wrong with it?
And he isn't struck dead! This man, he lives! It would be interesting to know, young man, where and when you studied anatomy.
One of the maids-in-waiting for that Elizabethan group.
If my curiosity is not too great, would you mind telling me what manner of animal this is you are designing?
Don't lose sight of him. This is the most important thing in my life.
I'd know him anywhere.
He can't hear you.
What are you laughing at?
I wonder if I could have her pose for me.
She is the soul of that statue.
You have done well, and now I, too, have something for you. Come.
I'd be glad to, Mr. Igor.  I think I'll have somethin' to tell you soon.
Yes.
Shall we unpack it?
Otto! You and one of those other fellows! Come help Professor Darcey.
Yes, sir, it's here on the truck, but it's pretty heavy -- I'll need help.
Have you got it? Is it completed?
Thanks.
Well, any time I can do anything for you --
They didn't have a leg to stand on. There's no case against me. It's a clumsy thing to have happen, but nothing to worry about.
I'm glad they didn't hold you downtown.
Good. Well, I'll be seeing you.
Yep. Everything settled.
