I said she isn't here. NOW you go home. Be a nice boy and go home.
Where is she?
She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to have callers during working hours.
Well, I got to see her.
She must have gone out for a walk with the children.
Is Rose here?
Yes?
This isn't punishment, I don't believe in punishment. It's for your health. Obviously you're sick if you can act like that.
Oh, Mother, not the castor oil.
I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil.
I am in awe of it, Mother.
But we must respect that power, we must be in awe of it.
I know, Mother.
Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life, the creative power of the universe is behind it.
They're filthy, Mother.
Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito bite.  I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love.
Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
A saint just like your own mother. She's up in heaven right now, her and Lunette, there ain't no doubt about it.
What was your mother like?
Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But later on after Momma died and Daddy wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin', I sure would of been glad for a little rabbit stew. You know, I oughtn't to of told you about what Daddy done when I was a child. Until them rabbits ruined him, he was a real good man, Buddy.
Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up.
How did the rabbits kill him?
Yep, we had 'em in orange crates all over. It was Daddy's dream. He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits. It was what killed Daddy. He didn't drown hisself till a long time later after Momma and Lunette died of typhoid, but it was them rabbits what killed him.
Five hundred rabbits?
Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits?
They're dumb things. I got tired of them.
I guess I'll work as a waitress, Buddy. I done that before and it got me in worse trouble than you could know, but I can't stay here no more. Why did you get rid of your rabbits, Buddy?
Take a little walk with me, huh?
What are you going to do, Rose?
Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.
Okay.
Hi, Buddy.  How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad?
I don't want to know...
I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it.
Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
You won't die, Rose.
Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all up! They're gonna cut my stummick all open, I'll die!
I ain't neither. Listen here, Buddy, besides all his vast medical knowledge, he has the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he acts -- he wants justice in the world and he's got some real interestin' ideas.
Rose, you are just entirely too uncritical of people.
Well, I like him. I used to be afraid of doctors but not any more. Why, he could operate on me any old time and I wouldn't even be scared.
Yeah, I'd believe it.
He's got doubts about hisself and that's the saddest thing of all. Would you believe that poor man thinks nobody likes him?
Rose, I have got doubts about that doctor and so does Daddy.
Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw 'em, and a little bit he says to me, "You know, you are beautiful." Now wasn't that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient, wasn't it? What could cheer a girl up more?
He did?
You don't know the bedside manner that man has got. Why, it does me good just to see him sit there all solemn and go pokin' in his bag like he's gonna cure me, which he did of course. And even more important he loves me, like a patient I mean, the other day he got tears in his eyes just listenin' to my heart beat.
Rose, you are too uncritical of people.
Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside, and so unhappy with that rich wife who doesn't understand him, her being a Southerner and everything, and what a bedside manner he has got -- so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he acts!
But I don't know who they are.
Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
I got an awful toothache.
Well, he might be that man who followed me home from the store the other day. But I don't know who he is, Buddy, I really don't.
Rose, you must know who the fellow is.
You're my sweetheart.
Yeah.
Did your Momma really give you castor oil?
I have a knack for designing clothes. But I had to buy the shoes and the pocketbook.
Here comes Daddy.
Buddy, Mr. Right is out there somewhere and I'm gonna find him!
You're going to get yourself up and go out?
Well, Ill tell you this. I have learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't gonna run around, but when I start botherin' your Daddy and worse robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the facts of life.  Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get myself up and go out.
Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew you did, knew it all the time...
Rose, they could stick splinters under my fingernails, and I will never say a word! I will never tell them, because... I love you!
Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as I've been please have pity on me and don't ruin me by telling them what I did. I know it was bad, it was bad and dumb. But mostly it was dumb, I didn't mean you no harm, I'd never want to hurt a hair on your head and that's the truth. I love you. But they'd think I did, they'd think I was awful, they'd despise me and hate me...
I said I wouldn't.
I hate to turn on this light, you Daddy's awake downstairs, but I have to take the chance.  Buddy, please don't tell on me.
Good night, Rose.
I sure hope you don't.  I gotta get outta here, good night.
Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul.
Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody, would you?
No. No, I'm all right.  Oh, God, what have I done? I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell!  I must be crazy, a child like you. Oh, God, oh, Lord. This is awful, this is terrible, I gotta get outta here!
Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something?
You wouldn't understand.  Oh, God, I must be outta my mind. What would your Momma think?
But why, if I'm not hurting you?
No. No, you're not hurting me.  But I think you better quit it.
Am I hurting you?
I must be outta my mind. Buddy, quit it.
But Rose...
You better quit that.
Well, nothin'.
I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh?
Buddy, you're just a child.
Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport.
Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me.
Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me?  I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you.
Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed!
Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little?
No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age!
Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I?
Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat.
I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose.
Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow?
Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty...
Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys.
Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you.
There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him.
There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose.
You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you.
Well, some fiend might.
Who would want to do such a thing as that?
It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot.
Don't mention it.
That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose.
All right, that's enough.  You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk.
First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn.
'Course it does.
Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right.
Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh?
Aw, be a good sport, Rose.  You like me, don't you? I like you a lot.
You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business.
Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like.
Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice.
Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm?
But I'm curious, Rose.
Buddy, what's come over you? A child like you, askin' such things.
Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like?
No, you can't. And I'll tell you this -- he scares me. As kind as he is, he scares me. You can't fool around with him, not with that man. And, boy, I sure better not try nothin' like that with him again, he'll fire me.
Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose?
You know, that Daddy of yours is the funniest man, the things he says, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth next.
Actually, I am, though.
Buddy, quit that, you're just a child, you're not supposed to be interested in such things.
There's some kind of gristle in it, though.
Ha ha ha, that's some idea, a cantaloupe.
Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe.
What did you expect?
Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft.
I fell madly in love with him when he called me Rosebud. You know that first day when I come and he said I looked graceful like a capital letter S and called me Rosebud? I fell madly in love with that man right then.  But it's a lost love, Buddy. He's a good man and won't have nothin' to do with me.
But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen?
Promise not to tell Doll? -- or nobody? Buddy, it's your Daddy! I'm so much in love with him I am out of my mind!
But, Rose, what is the cause of it all?
Why, it has just made me ill, Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to eat nothin', I don't, and me I got a good appetite, that ain't nat'ral for me. I'm ill.
You were pretty bad, huh?
Buddy, I was horrible. I can't tell you who it was, but do you know what I did? I sat on his lap and got ahold of him and wiggled and wiggled my ass on him and was worse'n you could know, a child like you. Why, I let one of my tits fall out deliberate on purpose and practically smack him in the face with it and I let my dern skirt come up so he could see my drawers...  But to get back serious to what I was sayin', it is not only, Buddy, the loss of him but my own bad behavior what bothers me so...
What'd you do, Rose?
It's so terrible I can't tell you. Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it hurts to have a broken heart, what a terrible feeling it is, and I've had a broken heart so many times. Men, I don't understand them, I can't figure them out and they break my heart, that's all. I can't find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find him no matter how hard I look, all I find is a whole pile of Mr. Wrongs. But this is the worst ever because it wasn't his fault. It was my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was bad -- oh God, I was bad, you wouldn't believe how bad I was.
What is it, Rose?
I thought I'd go crazy back there in that room all by myself with nobody to talk to. As a child, I never had no room all to myself, we were awful poor. Buddy... I have got a confession to make.
Well, all right.
Buddy, I am wandering in a wilderness, lost.  I just feel awful. Do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while?
No, I'm awake. What's the matter?
Buddy, you are in one of your evil moods, I don't want to talk to you. I'm going out and sweep the patio.
Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose.
I don't hear you. I just turn my back on that kind of talk and look away.
He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her.
I didn't hear you. I didn't hear that.
There was this old man that ate his niece.
What terrible thing in Cave Springs?
Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs?
Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll say that. He's the best and most kind-hearted man in the world.
Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels?
Did they try to induce you to become a prostitute?
Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no sense to it.
In what sense were they bad?
They were just bad men, that's all.
But who were they?
Nobody.
Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham?
Sure. Let me take your suitcase.
Buddy. Well, now, that's a nice name, I like it. I am real pleased to meet you.  Hey, look, do you think you got a cold drink of ice water somewhere?
Lots of things. Buddy, mostly.
Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
Of course not!
Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you!
He did lie, and... and... and Mother, yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook!
Rose is madly in love with Daddy...
All right, what do you know?
I do, too!
Oh, Waski, you don't know anything.
Yeah, I know.
I do, too.
Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
Neither do I.
No, she hasn't.  I think I hear a car.
I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in?
She's got somebody in there, Brother! His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me!  Rose, open this door immediately!
Daddy, what's the matter?
Open that door, damn you!
And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it! -- and that is not all I am going to do!
Well... maybe...
See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder.
True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder. Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with.
Well, I don't know.  No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it.
Well. Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this, Brother, it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here, and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder?
But how would you find him?
That is because it rained recently, the rain has obscured the evidence. But you could still take plaster casts of these footprints, then match up the plaster casts with whosever shoes they are, and that way you could catch him -- understand?
Well, it's not very plain.
See that, son? Now this is a heel, see, and there, that's the ball of a foot. Someone has been walking here.
He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son.  Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose.
I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again.
What do you think, Brother?
What's taking the rascal so long?
Yeah, he's still up there.
Is that Doctor still up there, Brother.
The girl strikes like a cobra.
I don't know.
I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast?
No. Why should Rose be in my room?
Son, was Rose in your room last night?
Well, yeah.
Reading dirty comic bocks.  And you admitted it?
Well, a little.
You were up late last night, Brother.
I'll be right back.
Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble --  Brother, you ought to hear this.
Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom.
I do wish you'd speak to Brother. It's true he's been looking at those horrible little books again.
Heh, what a hypocrite.
Oh, yes, it's Thursday.  Hello, Rose, dear...  ... my, you're... looking pretty...
She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now.
What'd you say, Brother?
She's getting herself up to go out.
Children, children! Be quiet, all of you!  The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow?
Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff.
No, you didn't say that, Brother.
I said ahhh-dam stuff.
What did you say, Brother?
Uhhh, gahdam stuff!
Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it.
Geccch, yehh, guhhhh!
This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this.
Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil?
Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image.
Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books.
Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night.  And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing?
Walked, in all that heat? It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski.
In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel.
All right, all right. Doll and Waski are upstairs taking their nap, you go get them and bring them down to the living room. Where is the girl?
You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed.
Your impression is very reassuring, Brother. Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't.
Wonderful. What's she like, Brother? What is your impression of her?
The new girl is here.
Here comes Daddy.
Why is it taking so long?
If it isn't a baby... what is it?
That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it.
A baby... and she isn't even married.
Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
What's goin' on?
Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house.
Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that.
Doll, don't ask childish questions.
Buddy... does Rose really... "do it" with all those boys and men?
Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close.
What's happening?
You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you!
They've been in there the longest kind of time. I can't stand it, I gotta find out what's going on.
What is Rose going to do? Where can she go?
Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll. And neither does smartness. You see --
Then why does she act so dumb?
It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average.
She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb.
So am I.
Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
Chattanooga. I had St. Louis, Missouri.
Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
No, Mother, he's lying...
You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick.
Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him.
Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great?
You shouldn't watch such things, Doll.
Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting.
Buddy, that was my place.
She's putting the titty back.
Let me look.  Aww-rr...
He had his hand on her titty.
Is that all?
He kissed her.
What are they doing, Doll?
Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it.
What are they doing?
Wow! Brrrother!
Boy! Wow!
Now I can't see. What are they doing?
Let me see!
He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out!
Ohhh-hh... what's happening now?
This is my place and you can't have it.
I can't see, let me see...
They're discussing it.
I can't see. What are they doing, what's happening?
At least.
I think she's gonna kiss him.
Okay.
Let's go peep from the living room.
Yeah.
There goes Mother.
I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes.
Yeah.
She's watching the car again?
It's really pitiful. She's in bad shape.
No, he doesn't. Not really.
I think Daddy suspects.
It's pitiful. Neither one of them know.
No.
Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll?
Oh, shut up, Buddy.
Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.
I'm not blubbering.
Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about?
That's a hell of a thing to say. Why, Rose?
Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to?
Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy?
It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more,
I can't believe it, Daddy. I know it must be true, but I can't believe it.
I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe.
Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man. A hell of a loop.
Excuse me, I'll be right back.
She was fifty-six, son. Of course she didn't look it, nowhere near it. The cancer came back, I'm afraid I fibbed about that. But it was very quick, son. She was in the hospital only two weeks, and the last week she didn't know anything.
But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old!
I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened.
Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died?
No, son, she is dead.
All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it?
I'm older than hell, boy. But this Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll say that.
It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car.  Or maybe it isn't so funny.
Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already.
It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy --  -- except you, you're still here.
A wonderful woman, boy.
That's what she would say herself.
At rest in the creative universe with Mother, son.
You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity...  Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy?
Yes, I guess he did. He threw her away and it was the mistake of his life.
He didn't lose her, he threw her away.
Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man, it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose.
You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C.
Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you?
The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac.
No, it's another thing. I was going to write you about it, but since you were coming down anyway I thought I'd wait till you got here. What did Dave Wilkie have to say?
Is her husband sick or something?
Oh, no, no, she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son.
What sad news? Did her cancer come back?
Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news.
What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking?
Dave Wilkie of all people was sitting by me on the plane -- her first husband. It's funny you would mention Rose. Did you hear from her?
How could that be, son?
Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half.
Got another twenty years in it, boy.  By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion.
Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator.
Are they polar bears, too?
Yeah, they're in the snow.
Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow?
I can use a drink after the plane ride I had.
It's Yankee whisky to me.
It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's Scotch.
About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son.  Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you?
Hello, Daddy. How are you?
Well, you rascal, where'd you come from?
Yes, we know her.
I think we both know her.
Of course.
I have of course observed the girl in treating her.
Please do.
Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer?
I am ahead of you.
Go on, Doctor.
First, about the girl's history. Evidently she's been very promiscuous since early childhood, she has no control over her sexual impulses. Furthermore, she is permanently barren, she can't have children.
Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you.
Oh, it's definitely better, beyond question. A fatherless child, an ignorant girl with no job, no money, no home. It's fortunate, a blessing really, and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you.
Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been.
Any major operation is dangerous. However, as we know from her previous illness, she's a very strong girl.
Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation?
That's all I want to know.  Lets get out of here before I get the epizootics myself. Thank you, Doctor, for your discourse, it was fascinating, no doubt.
The point is you don't grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grits. She got protein somewhere, she's a very strong girl and I think she'll live... despite the delay in medical treatment.
Yes, I think so. He adores her, it's almost pitiful the way he worships her. I just hope she isn't too much for him.
Honey, he is Mr. Right.
Well, yes, she's happy. Of course Dave doesn't have her life force, not at all. There isn't much furniture in his house, just a table and one or two chairs, whereas Rose has furniture coming out of the windows.
Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time!
You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died.
Who?
Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie,
I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning --  Brother, what are you doing up?
I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.
It's twenty after one.
Fine.
How is she?
Better off? How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about? Are you insane?
Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off.
Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so.
Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...
I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die. You aren't a male monster, that man is but you aren't. Look me in the eye and tell me, do you really want to take Rose's womanhood away from her when it's all she has got?
Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself.
I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man?
Over... my... dead... body!
Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her!
Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear.
This conversation is making me a little sick.
I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied?
She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly.
Honey!
I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm!
What did you forget?
Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh?  In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something.
But she must know... unless... unless... Rose, was there more than one person?
She already told you, she doesn't know.
That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father, dear?
You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do?
Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know you feel awful, but don't cry, honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the father, dear?
This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded.
Trickery and flummery or not, she's going there tomorrow on the bus! It's settled! And I must say we've been more than fair to you, Rose, it's pretty selfish and mean hearted of you to sit there and cry like that!
It sounds like a farm to me. Calling it a dairy establishment, that's just trickery and flummery.
I don't give a hoot in hell's hollow what it means to her! She can't stay in this house forever! I fired her, damn it!
I don't know how you can call it ideal -- don't you know what the word "farm" means to her?
Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal!
Honey, Rose was born on a farm and has terrible memories of farm life. Now I don't think --
Something has got to be done or Rose is going to be in this house forever.
She's just nervous and worried. And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go.
Her plan is obvious, plain as day. She's going on a hunger strike. The question is, how do we foil her?
No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas.
She does look a little peaky.
The hell we can't.
She can't get a job, it's a depression. And we can't just throw her out on the street.
It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life?
Just a moment, dear.  We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question.  If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me?
She hasn't actually done anything...
Um-hmm.  Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something.
She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson.
Sometimes the negativism and cynicism in you makes me want to vomit.  Your real trouble is that you're anti-intellectual. The irony is women are supposed to be emotional, but I never saw anybody who depended more on emotion and prejudice than you do.
I don't care where the polecat studied.
Honey, Dr. Martinson isn't a rascal, he's one of the finest physicians in Glenville. He studied at Johns Hopkins University.
I don't see how you can even think of it now.
Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in that bed.  I hope she'll be all right, but I still think we ought to fire her.
He's a polecat, dear.
You don't like him because he's a Yankee. He's a brilliant doctor.
I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him.
Honey, please...
Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar?
I'll talk to her, I'll reason with her.
Darlin', Rose has got to go!
What she doesn't understand is that her behavior is disturbing to other people. She's young, she's got to learn to restrain the life force that's in her. Its creative, but in her case it's too creative.
They follow her because she's a --  -- no, I won't say that.
If you mean sex, you couldn't be more wrong. Rose likes those boys and men, she has love in her heart, and that is what they want. It's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that is why they follow her.
Well, I have a pretty good idea.
How could Rose really be a bad influence on Dolly? She has a loving nature, you ought to want someone like that around your children. Why do you think those boys and men like her?
But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it...
Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension.
But morals come from the heart, not from rigid rules and empty laws. And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would. Therefore, she's not immoral. Not really.
That is exactly what I'm afraid of.  The girl has got to go, darlin'.
Who is to say our morals are better than hers?  But maybe you're right. She could... influence Dolly...
It's because of the children she's got to go. I don't want to be holier-than-thou, but the girl doesn't have the same outlook we do. Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house.
Well, she does seem to cause a lot of trouble, I admit. But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her.
I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do.
Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist.
I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all.
It isn't her fault if she's popular... what?
I don't intend to fire her, darlin'.
Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body!
Now you listen to me, Rose --
I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it.
And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me!
Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this?
Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they were boys! Boy friends of Rose, chat's what they were, and why shouldn't she have boy friends? Do you want her to be unnatural? Don't you think she's human the same way you are yourself? It's the South, that's what it is, the South with its horrible traditions, of slavery and crime and the oppression of women, who are just as good as men and just as human!
Boys? You say to me boys?
Scoundrels? They weren't scoundrels, they were just boys.
-- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes --
Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics --
You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen.
I am not being brutal to her!
I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying!
Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe.
Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys and men like her. You cant blame her for that, hon.
Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show.
That sulky boy was here again this afternoon. I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away.
Yes, darlin', time will tell.
Well, time will tell, won't it?
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later.
Well, I wish you'd stop criticizing and picking on her.
No reason at all, darlin'.
Why shouldn't she go out and have boyfriends?
I don't see any bruises or broken bones.
Is she all right?
Quarter of twelve.
What time is it?
Well, she's back.
Yes, of course.
Be kind to her. She loves you so much.  In a perfectly proper way, of course.
You are the one who's good-hearted.  As for Rose, let's hope for the best.
But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality.  Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard.
Well, she loves children, all right.  She loves everybody.
He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children.
That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why.
I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it.
She will succeed.
Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention.
The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her.
I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer.
Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.
You're not having lunch?
Who doesn't have such thoughts?  We'd better get going.
Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place.
They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked.
I'll take him with me downtown.  And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride.
I'm serious. We forget he's just a child. I wish you'd speak to him.
Lay off of that stuff, son. It upsets your mother.
Why, they won't either. She looks pretty. And I wish you wouldn't pick on the poor girl all the time. Don't listen to him, Rose, you look pretty, even beautiful.
Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose.
No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep.
What's the matter, hon? Is anything wrong?
All right, darlin'.
I think about what I'm doing all the time, and I've got as much business behind the wheel of an automobile as anybody. Besides, I want you to stay and help Rose with the dishes, the poor girl isn't feeling well.
I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole.
You're a wonderful woman, darlin'. As long as you're around, I'm sure the sun wouldn't dare go out.
Be nice to Rose. She's never had a real home.
Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do.
I'm not in the fourth dimension --  -- you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out.
All right, darlin', don't go off into the fourth dimension.
Hotcha character. If I had to live with your cynicism, I wouldn't want to live at all. What you can't understand is that the creative forces of the universe are positive, not negative.
I love Rosebud, I am wild about Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't turn out to be a hidden hotcha character, that's all. We have growing children in the house.
Hope for the best? I don't understand all this skepticism. I thought you liked Rose.
Well, let's hope for the best, darlin'.
Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them.
There are no flies on Rose, I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet.
And she's such a good-hearted thing, there isn't an ounce of harm or malice in her.
Um-hmm. Almost too perfect.
Honey, she's perfect. She works all the time and she's wonderful with the children. And they love her, even Brother likes her though he won't admit it. I think she's just perfect.
I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while.
Oh. Did you say something?
Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake.
What?
Turn up your hearing aid.
What do you think of her, honey?
Slow, hon. But at least I can concentrate now that Rose is here.
How goes it, darlin'?
Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd work outside.
Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful day.
Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm.
It isn't the fourth dimension. To you it's the fourth dimension, maybe, to me it's simply the truth.
Nothing, Rose.
What was it, Mr. Hillyer?
Rose... I hate to be mean, but...  Oh, nevermind, forget it.
Well, I'll pay you that back sometime, Mr. Hillyer.
Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous.
Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever felt! Except for a big old scar on my stummick, I wouldn't even know I been in the hospital.
You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?
All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look!
It's so, Mr. Hillyer.
I don't believe it.
I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big.
All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant?
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.
No, you're not.
Yes, I am.
Good God almighty. This is a catastrophe, they won't hire her.
Yes, mine. I'm going to have one.
Your baby?
Mine.
What baby? What baby? What baby are you speaking about?
What?
I'm not cryin' because of me, I'm cryin' because of somebody else.
No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful!
You mean a farm?
Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoor-type job.
Well. What kinda job is it?
Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state!
Tennessee?
Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job!
Yes, sir.
God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick.
Mmm. Would you get me another half a-cup of coffee, dear?
What's the use, there ain't none.
Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today?
Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired.
Mr. Hillyer, I know it was bad and I hadn't ought to of done it. But I'm only a human girl and I... I ain't always perfect. I promise I won't let him in the house no more, I promise. Won't you and Mrs. Hillyer forgive me?
Under the mattress. I hid 'em so you wouldn't be mad. He wants to marry me, he loves me. I can't marry him, he's too young and hasn't got no job, but he loves me... now you wouldn't hurt him, would you?
Ye gods and little fishes, a fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose, you're naked as a jay bird. When you're dressed, come on downstairs. I'm afraid your friend Billy is injured, where are his clothes?
He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He wants to be a fireman.
Well, it was a silly question.
Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very poor, he don't have no money and there wasn't no place else to go.
And what, may I ask, was Billy doing here?
Well, it's Billy.
And who, Rose, may I ask, is that?
Where is he? Where have you got him hid?  Ah, ha!
There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer! Honest, there ain't!
Yes, sir.
I mean a human investment, Rose, we care about you, you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me?
Yes, air.
I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't.
I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and... and I bit him accidental.
Well, I don't know what happened. They were arguin' about baseball, then all of 'em started fightin'. As for that policeman, I didn't bite him, I don't think I bit him.
That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold?
I got an awful bad cold.
Oh, no, sir.
Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night, Rose.
Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again!
Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it.
Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled.
Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today?
Yes, sir.
All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance.  But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing.  Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?
I'm not hungry.
Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes!
Ohhh-hh, ohhh...
Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer.
Yes, sir.
Strange voices, Rose?
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night.
Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too?
It'll do just fine.  Bye-bye, see you later.
Is this ill right?
Oh, I'll just mosey around here and there.
You don't know where you're going?
Oh, anywhere downtown.
Where do you want me to let you out, Rose?
Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom.
You were up late last night, too, Rose.
My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose.
What have you got in your hair, girl?
There are more on the other side.
How can the buttons stand the pressure?
Well, it has buttons.
That's a pretty stylish skirt, Rose. The only thing I don't understand is how did you ever get it on.
Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
Why, sure, always got time to get you a half-a-cup, and one of these days I'm gonna get you a whole cup and see what happens.
If you've got time before you go "out," get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup.
You're so sweet.
Yeah. I'm goin' out.
Got yourself up?
Nothin'. I got myself up, that's all.
Well, good night.
No, sir.
Is anything wrong?
Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom.
Rose, what are you doing up?
Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed?  Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying!
Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me...
Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Hillyer... I just... couldn't help myself. I'm sorry...
Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
Calm down, Rose, let's calm down and discuss it ...
Don't make me... me... me... get up!
All right, all right. Now calm down, Rose, the children will hear you. Calm down, let's talk... about this thing, let's discuss it.
No, no! You don't understand, I love you! It's real love and I can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much...
Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl. Now I'm telling you again, get off my lap. Come on, Rose, get up. Now you get up, I say, and stop this!
Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer!
Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap. What are you doing, girl? Are you crazy?
I... I'll get the grits.
Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'. How did we ever get by without you?
Oh, I don't know, I... I...
Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate! Why, they just melt in my mouth. And this fried chicken is fit for a king. How do you do it, Peachbird? What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh?
Yes, sir.
All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief, which I accept although I do not totally grasp it, that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore, you are here not as a servant, you are here as a friend, as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony. Do you understand me?
Yes, sir.
Oh, to hell with it, never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me.  Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my plane.
What do you want me to tell her, Dave?
You might see her. She writes your Daddy, and she and that doctor came to see him, didn't they? I wish you'd tell her something... I never could write letters.
Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years.
Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you?
Yeah, I'll do that, Dave.
Well, got to get a plane to Savannah. Great running into you, Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy.
Yeah, I remember it.
She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy?
Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him.
You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I.  You'll have to admit she had four husbands.
Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit?
Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.
She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now?  A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why.  Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac.
She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him!
Well, no, I didn't actually.
Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you?
Um-m, well...
That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn.  But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything...  ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me.
I see. Outside it.
Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it.
Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building.
She has other things to do, Dave.
Took your time gettin' here.
Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink!  Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place.
That's right, Dave, I'm headed for Glenville on a whisperin' jet.
Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy.  I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him?
Well, actually, we have a little black boy named Her---t who lives in the garage. He does it for me.
I don't mean that the way it sounds.  Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when.  Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff?
Oh, yeah?
How about that. Well, you always were a screwball.
Page proof of a book I'm working on.
Galley what?
Galley proof.
Ha ha, course you make a lot more.  What's that you got there, Buddy?
Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York. But the niggers have took it over, just like every other city we got, only worse.
Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town.
Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it.  There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me.  Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side.
Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you?
It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie, don't you remember me?
Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see...
Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know me!
Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...
I don't know. I think he's cryin'!
What's the matter with him?
I'm only trying to help him, Mother.
You mustn't be a tattletale, dear. You mustn't be Delilah-ish and Jezebel-ish toward your brother, dear.
Daddy, Buddy was up late last night reading little dirty comic books. Mother gave him a dose of castor oil and he cursed it, he took the Lords name in vain, then claimed he hadn't said it. He lied, Daddy.
Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit -- and he says I would too if I was grown-up. Is it true, Mother -- would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he says?
Yes, dear, what is it?
Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose?
I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.
Let him be guided not by my wishes and not by Rose's wishes, although I am sure they are identical. Let him be guided by the wishes of the creative power of life itself, because that is what has spoken through me tonight.
Actually of course I won't operate, I don't do major surgery. Dr. Hardy will operate and of course he'll be guided by your wishes in this respect.
I understand you perfectly. You leave that girl alone, you wretched man, or you will be sorry.
Yes, I understand you, but you have misunderstood me completely.
I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me?
You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself, you'd go that far? Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit?
Illusions, Madam?
Are you human beings or are you some kind of male monsters? Is there no limit to which you won't go to keep your illusions about yourselves?
Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me.
What are you talking about? I don't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces.
I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me?
Yes, go on.
What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that?
I'm sorry the truth nauseates you, Mrs. Hillyer, because before you leave there's a bit more of it I'd like to put to you. This operation provides a therapeutic opportunity that I feel is quite important in regard to this particular girl, who suffers not only from an ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well.
She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts.
No, you shouldn't have, it was needlessly cruel. She thinks she has cancer and is going to die.
We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her.
Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had.
Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren.
Gonorrhea?
I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated.
Yes. Well. She's upstairs.
Let me be the judge of that, Madam.
Oh, good evening, Doctor. Rose is a lot better, I just gave her her supper. She's almost all well now.
I beg your pardon, epi-zoo-tics? Do you mean "epi-zoo-ot-tics," an animal epidemic?
Yes, thank you, Doctor.
It is kind of amazing. The dentist says she has perfect teeth, there isn't a cavity in her mouth.
It's simply that I find it incredible, Mr. Hillyer. Aside from the girl's illness at the moment, she is very strong, a very healthy specimen of a young human female -- and a comely one, too. She must have gotten protein somewhere as a young child, if only sporadically.
Exactly, and that's why she couldn't possibly have come from such a farm.
Well, her people were very poor. She says she was often hungry as a child, and I'm sure the food she ate was pretty awful, not a balanced diet at all.
A tenant farm? Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt?
Deathly afraid of it. Her people were poor tenant farmers and she doesn't know anything about doctors or medicine or hospitals.
Afraid of the hospital?
She hid it from us, Doctor. She's afraid of the hospital.
Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill.
She looks terrible, just awful.
Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive. But not many people walk away from double pneumonia, Madam, not many.
I think you're right, it would be harder on her. But you'd better call Mr. Hillyer, she's going to need help to get home.
That would scare her to death. She's terrified of hospitals. To her, a hospital is where you go to die.
Yes, and it's very bad. It probably should be done at the hospital under general anesthesia.
But the wisdom tooth will have to be pulled?
Well, she has one mouth in ten thousand, I don't see teeth like that once in ten years. Her trouble is an impacted wisdom tooth, but there isn't a cavity in her head, not a single one. She has perfect teeth.
She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor.
Well, she finally let me look in her mouth. Is it true she's never been to a dentist?
No, Waski, she won't die, because we are praying for her.
Mother... is Rose going to die?
There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll.
Oh, Mother, cut it out.
When he was baby we called him "Wa Wa," a baby name, you know. You will find him a very good boy. His brother can be bad and so can his sister, but Waski is a very good boy. And as you can see he's beautiful.
You can stop it right now.
Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that.
And who do you suppose he is? That policeman who arrested me, the one I bit! He is Mr. Right!
Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose.
You'll never guess what happened!  I have met Mr. Right! I been with him all day and he loves me, I know he does, he loves me and he's going to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me already!
Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks.
I was offered that job as a waitress.
Don't worry, honey, you'll find something.
I don't mind.
Rose, you don't have to.
Oh, I know. But I didn't, really. Honestly, I didn't. There was only one, but he's out of town and leave no forwardin' address.
Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that.
Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't think. I... I'm not really sure.
I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear? ROSE Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h, that's kinda hard to say.
Well, I... I... I don't know... maybe it was... but no, you can't be sure about a thing like that. It wasn't Billy, I didn't know him.
I'm not hungry. I can't eat nothin', I haven't been able to eat since I got fired. I think maybe I'm sick.
Rose, you don't look well and you haven't eaten a bit of breakfast.
I don't want to. When I was lyin' there in that hospital bed at death's door I says to myself, I ain't goin' out no more. If I ever get outta this, I'll just stay home.
Well, there's no reason you shouldn't go out, Rose... in moderation.
Well, you're real sweet to make it for me.  There never was nobody like you. And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more.
You look very pretty in it, Rose. Really, you do.
Yeah, it's kinda nice.
You see, Rose? Now that's the kind of dress you ought to wear.
What? Wha-at? Mrs. Hillyer?
Rose, you're very sick. You're burning up. Rose, can you hear me? Rose?
Yes, ma'am.
Rose has learned her lesson, haven't you, Rose?
It'll get better now.
No more dentists, no more dentists...
I know it was bad, honey. I'm sorry...
Never again, never again...
Oh-hh, ohh-hh, Lord, he's gonna kill me.
Rose, sit down in that chair and be quiet! We're trying to help you, you silly creature, sit in that chair!
I'm not goin' in there, I don't like the looks of it!
No, Rose, he'll help you.
Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it.
Poor thing. Does the ice help, Rose?
Be quiet, Rose.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him!
I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children.
I had better call Daddy.
Mrs. Hillyer, I don't know who he is, I really don't.
Rose, that scruffy-looking man is out in the yard again.
Doll, you and Waski run on, too.
Yes, Ma'am.
Oh, no, that's the style. It's meant to be clinging.
Well, I think it's charming, Rose.  But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight?
You look sick if you ask me. I hate to leave you with the dishes and all, but I'm supposed to go to a meeting of the Garden Club this evening.  I'll need the car keys.
No, ma'am, I'm just fine.
Rose, you're in an awful dither tonight. What's the matter with you, honey, are you sick or something?
Yes, Ma'am.
Well, you run on now.
I like to work. I don't mind work. It's the least I can do after all you and Mr. Hillyer have done for me.  You're so sweet. There never was nobody like you.
Really, why don't you go sit down somewhere?
You're so sweet.
Rose, you work too hard. Why don't you go sit down somewhere and drink a Co-Cola?
It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it, reading all those books, learning all that stuff.
Well, I am working on my thesis.
Are you going to get your degree soon?
More history, Rose.
What are you studying now, Mrs. Hillyer?
Well, it's rather interesting about Brother, actually. I realized the remarkable thing he had when he was six weeks old. He looked at me and understood me, he knew exactly who I was. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. He's very remarkable, he was born for the ministry and could move millions, but he doesn't know that yet. I have to warn you about him, he can be very dangerous, there is an evil streak in him, a streak of pure sheer meanness. But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it.
Oh, no, ma'am.
