C'mon, it's true -- But that don't bother me -- I just wanna prove somethin' -- I ain't no bum... It don't matter if I lose... Don't matter if he opens my head... The only thing I wanna do is go the distance -- That's all. Nobody's ever gone fifteen rounds with Creed. If I go them fifteen rounds, an' that bell rings an' I'm still standin', I'm gonna know then I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood...
Don't say that.
It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before --
Oh, Rocky -- you worked so hard.
...I dunno.
What're we going to do?
I been watchin' the movies -- studyin' -- He ain't weak nowhere.
Yeah, I can't beat him.
Apollo?
...I can't beat him.
...What?
...Can't do it.
I gotta go out for a while.
Is everything all right?
I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more.
What did you say about a pet shop?
...What?
What was that you said about a pet shop?
Yeah...
Rocky, do you realize everybody in this country knows your face, and after the fight everybody in the world is going to.
...Yes --
Wanna hear a dirty joke?
...What's to say? I dunno what he wants from me --
...Are you going to say anything to him?
Yo -- I ain't mad. I'm just outta joint when reporters are around -- They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it.
Don't be mad at him -- He just wants to help.
Yeah... Threw my whole day off.
...And he called the reporters --
Ya right --  Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know.
I thought it might be cute.
Yeah... But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes, y'know.
-- The legs.
Can't fool around -- You look very great.
Don't want weak legs.
Adrian, you really look great, y'know -- But I can't fool around durin' trainin' -- makes the legs weak.
No... Sharp -- You look great.
Really -- You don't think they're overly feminine?
Sharp -- Real nice.
Like?
They either say, 'Kill the nigger' or 'Hope you die, Honky.' -- What ya got in the bag?
Don't you open them anymore?
It did.
Yes.
Y'know how I said that stuff on television didn't bother me?
I'll be waiting.
'Bout seven.
Absolutely -- What time should I expect you?
Ya puttin' me on, right?
I don't know -- I was shocked. Why did you do that?
How'd ya like hearin' ya name on TV?
Don't tease me.
I always knew you was pretty.
Could ya take off that hat.
...What?
Do me another favor?
...T-thank you.
The glasses... Please.
What?
Would ya take off your glasses?
But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation.
I should leave.
Yo, I'm not comfortable either.
I'm not sure I know you well enough -- I don't think I'm comfortable.
They're all the same.
...I've never been in a man's apartment before.
It's all right -- You're my guest.
No, I don't belong here.
It's okay.
I don't think I belong here.
What's the problem? You don't like me -- Don't like the turtles -- What is it?
It's not that --
It's only temporary.
It's fine.
What's the matter? Ya don't like the room?
I'll call your brother.
I think he might be worried.
Why?
Yes.
You sure?
Yes, I do.
D'you really wanna call?
I wanna let my brother know where I am.
I had it pulled. People callin' all the time.  Who needs it -- Who'd you wanna call?
Do you have a phone?
...Oh, yeah, I bought the whole kit -- Yeah, ya sold me the turtles, the bowl, an' the mountain -- I had to get rid of the mountain 'cause they kept fallin' off.
I sold them to you.
Here's the guys I was tellin' ya about -- This is Cuff an' Link.
...No thanks.
Would ya like a glass of water?
'Cause you can't sing or dance?
...Guess.
Why do you do it if it hurts so bad?
After a rough fight, ya' nothin' but a large wound. Sometimes I feel like callin' a taxi to drive me from my bed to the bathroom... Ya' eyes hurt, ya' ears hurt, ya' hair even hurts... But the thing I'm proud of is I been in over sixty fights an' never had a busted nose -- Bent an' twisted an' bitten but never broke... That's rare.
Morning after?
...I'm at least half a bum. Yeah, fightin' is a crazy racket. The roughest part is the mornin' after.
I don't think you're a bum.
Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum.
...It is just hard for me to understand why anybody wants to be a fighter.
Then why did I bother bringin' it up? 'Cause I'm dumb, that's why... Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts -- I'm dumb an' you're shy.
It doesn't bother me either.
Some people think bein' shy is a disease, but it don't bother me.
...I suppose.
I would say you're very shy by nature.
...I suppose.
Some people are very shy by nature.
My mother told me just the opposite. She said, 'You weren't born with much of a body so you'd better develop your brain.'
What's funny?
By accident?
Y'know how I got started in the fight racket?
Ohh!
I just dislocated my finger.
Absolutely.
But you never had a chance to prove yourself.
And you never got the chance?
Ain't skated since I was fifteen -- That's when I started fightin' -- gotta watch the ankles. Yeah, fightin' use to be tops with me, but no more. All I wanted to prove was I weren't no bum -- That I had the stuff to make a good pro.
...Aren't you skating?
I think mebbe we're early or somethin' --
I think it's closed.
Looks quiet, y'know.
To you, to me it's Thursday.
It's Thanksgiving.
...Goodnight, Rocky.
Hey, how's my buddy doin'?  -- Nice dog -- Well, I'll see ya later.
Shell-shocked!
...I don't know.
I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What?
Ain't your fault -- Here's the problem.
...I'm sorry.
Me, I'm kinda aggravated.
...Fine.
...How's the turtle food this week?
You a virgin? -- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya!  Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!!
What?!
You busted?!
Good? Good, Paulie?! I've been treatin' you like a baby. Since I can't remember it's so long -- I'm the only one who feeds you an' puts you in bed when ya can't stand up -- and it's you that made me feel like a loser -- That's what ya use to call me 'Loser' -- What kind of name is that? So can ya blame me for not remembering to talk about you when I'm with Rocky -- I don't owe you, Paulie, you owe me.
You owe me an' are supposed to treat me good!
Owe you what?
Get away from me -- I could never even get married 'cause you couldn't live by yaself -- ya'd die by yaself! So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of puttin' in a good word for me? -- You owe me!
Don't do that again!
I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag!
You gave me what?! Knots! You gave me knots in here every day -- you made me scared of everything!
You forget what I went through to give ya the best.
Only a pig would say that!
I want 'im outta here --  Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo?  That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo!  You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs!  I give ya meat, an' I give ya my sister, too!
...Paulie. Stop now!
Get outta my life both of ya's.
Don't talk like that to him!
You ain't no friend no more -- Go home! Outta my house I want ya!
It's not your house --
Shutup! I want nothin' -- I ain't no charity case! Get outta my house!
Paulie!
Nothin'! I want nothin' from you!!!
Roosevelt finished last in his class -- Beethoven was deaf, an' Helen Keller was blind -- I think Rocky has a good chance.
That so.
Einstein flunked out of school... twice.
You didn't!
Christ.
Oh, Rocky!
Paul.
Do me a favor -- His lungs, punch 'em out.
Paulie, it's Thanksgiving. I've gotta turkey in the oven.
Why?
I can't go out.
Don't get wise with me. I want ya to stop bein' a loser.
...Like you?
Hey, I want ya out instamaticly. -- I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around like a friggin' spider -- Go out -- Live! Do, enjoy life.
Paulie, please --
Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'.
No... I can't!
Like it would make a difference if you were, right? This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out.
...Paulie, why didn't you tell me you were bringing him home?! Look at me, I'm not ready for this.
...Thanks.
Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best!
...Stop jivin'!
Don't kill yourself, man -- Let the doctor stop the fight.
One more round.
Yo' bleedin' inside, man -- Get that doctor.
No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro!
You're hurtin', man!
No doctor!
Get that doctor.
My side.
Luck! You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad.  More ice, now!
He got lucky.
He's movin' to your left -- don't let him no more -- dance and stick, hear? Don't play -- I know what ya feelin', but don't play.
...That man's takin' his job too serious.
People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home.
Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.
Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat!
I'll carry him 'till the third.
Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear?
...That boy damn near broke my arm.
Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!!
I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong.
Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit.
He won't last one round.
...I don't feel heat from the name.
Too old, dull fighter.  Bobby Judge is a good boy.
Give my main man a raise!!
You's the novelty, Champ!
I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty.
Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on.  Who discovered America? An Italian, right? So, man, what could be better than to get it on with one of his ancestors --
Rocky Balboa -- His record's poor --
'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man.
...This man.
Exactly what are you looking for, Apollo?
...Still don't feel no heat.
Joe Zack is a good prospect -- Exciting boy.
How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith?
Fouls.
How 'bout this Billy Snow?
No, man, it's very smart.
...It's very American.
Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time. On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight me a local poor underdog, dig? A snow-white underdog. An' I'm gonna put his face on this poster with me, hear? An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday. Now that's the way I see it an' that's the way I want it!!
Apollo, I'm sure there's a way to salvage this.
Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid. They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they don't have to be the chump that's gonna be whipped in front of the whole civilized world!!
Shaw's fighting in South America -- Why not postpone the bout until July Fourth?
Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth.
I contacted Ernie Roman's manager, he's fighting in France the same week.
You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man!
I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you are set on fighting Green.
Damn.
...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!!
Any quick advice for young boxing hopefuls?
Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them.
Where're you off to now?
The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the first major event of our two hundredth year.
Still to be held in Philadelphia?
That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence!
You're referring to the much publicized bicentennial fight?
He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month.
Apollo, how would you rate this last British challenger, Henry Wilcoxson?
Very high an' very fast.
How was the flight, Champ?
Move your shoulders down.
Kiss my ass.
Don't like yours neither.
I don't like ya face.
Does that bum have to say that?
Take 'er to the zoo -- Retards like the zoo.
She ain't retarded, she's shy.
Hear she's retarded.
...Of the truck that run over your face.
Of wa?
Did ya get the license number?
Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face!
We'll kill you, man -- We gotta gun.
Buy us some Thunderbird, man.
...That's an old one.
Hey, give Rocky a dime.
No dollar.
'Cause we dig ya, man -- Gimme a dollar.
Why?
Yo, Rock, gimme a dollar.
No wine.
C'mon, man, it's cold, man.
...No wine -- Bad for ya' brain.
Yo, Rocks, buy us sum wine, man.
Charge it.
...How 'bout for the Cokes?
I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.'
That's ten bucks.
Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body.
Here -- Three minutes.
This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes.
Cost ya a buck.
How 'bout some Cokes?
Six!
It ain't your fault -- I originally done it in the Baby Crenshaw fight.  That's me fightin' Big Baby Crenshaw -- Big Baby was the size of an airplane an' I broke my hands on his head -- I lost, but it's a nice picture, don't ya think?
Seven minutes!
Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight. Kinda do it like a hobby. See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look awkward -- Southpaw means lefthanded... But I guess in the long run things probably worked out for the best, right?
Nine minutes!
...Yeah, give 'er the Blades.
Ten minutes for ten dollars.
...Ten minutes.
Few minutes?
Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise --
This a con?
Listen, I gotta problem. This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing --
Yo, pal, what's with you -- The place ain't operatin'.
Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out.
Hey, the rink is empty 'cause we're closed -- ya ain't allowed in here so do me a favor an' not stay here.
Are ya closed to the General Public or to just everybody.
Hey, whatta ya doin' here -- we're closed... Yo, we're closed!
Not only has he refused to fall, but he has beaten the Champion's body without mercy and the bout has become a vicious slugfest.
Without a doubt this is the most punishing brawl I have ever seen -- The ringside audience is spotted with blood. This fight should have been stopped rounds ago but Rocky Balboa refuses to fall --
No way -- but the brilliant ability of the Champion to master situations like this is one of his most outstanding traits -- Creed tosses a perfect right hand that rocks Rocky. Creed on the offensive -- Balboa takes the punishment and counters with a left flush over the heart... that hurt.
There's no way Apollo expected this kind of hitting power.
Apollo almost sprints out of his corner -- feints and throws a pair of left-right combinations. Balboa drops beneath a left upper cut and lands a very solid shot on Creed's temple -- not much movement from Balboa, duck a left, a right, another left and explodes with a right hook to the temple -- I mean explodes. The Champ backs off.
Round three ready to start and should be interesting to see if Creed can put the challenger away -- there goes the bell.
If you had asked anyone who knows boxing, they never would've predicted a first round knockdown and the second round punishment to the body of the Champion... Most fighters will tell you, receiving a good body punch is the next worst thing to dying.
Creed is down!!!
The Champion is smiling and toying with the man -- trying to give the fans their money's worth and make a show of it with the badly out-classes challenger -- Another left to right combination. I feel sorry for --
The Champ stings the slower challenger with jabs at will -- Balboa blocks eighty percent of the blows with his face -- Creed doesn't look the best he's ever been but is moving smoothly -- Creed snaps out a triple combination that backs Balboa into a corner -- oh, a solid hook by Creed, a master of fist-men.
I agree.
It's been confirmed that it is definitely an impersonation of George Washington -- a great way to start 1976 off.
Am I seeing right? Creed is approaching the ring in a boat. Is he supposed to be George Washington? Obviously so.
You could go deaf with the noise -- it undoubtedly means Champion Apollo Creed is heading towards the ring --
I only wonder if this man has the skill to go past three rounds -- Vegas odds say, 'no.'
Thank you, Bob. The electricity is everywhere tonight. Rocky Balboa, a fifty-to-one underdog, is living a Cinderella story which has captured peoples' imaginations all over the world -- to quote a popular sports magazine, 'The fighting style should be 'The Caveman Against the Cavalier.' From the increase in sound it appears the challenger is now approaching the ring... His record is forty-four wins, twenty losses and thirty-eight knockouts.
We would like to welcome our viewing audience to the Grand World Championship Bicentennial Heavyweight Fight -- the first major event of the Bicentennial Year... A point of interest is that the fight is being beamed to more than seven hundred and fifty million fans in theatres in nearly every corner of the world. I would like to welcome an old friend, and co-commentator for this evening's event -- Jimmy Michaels.
Not yellow, cautious.  See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt --
Yo' yellow, old man.
Don't mouth me, old man, I'll knock yo' out too. C'mon, wop, spar me, let everybody see who's got the heat around here.
Why let Rocky here take a chance on cuttin' or breakin' a hand? -- Take a shower, Dipper.
Yo' know I iz the best man here! Yo' said so yoself!
You can forget about sparring, kid.
I'm happenin'! This pig is takin' my shot -- I iz a contender. He's nothin'.
What's happenin' here?
I say ya nothin'!
Waits! -- Be smart. Ya don't have to break nothin' -- Here, take my coat, it's worth fifty-sixty dollars. It's yours.
Ya still light seventy.
I know the juice is climbin' -- I been workin' six months just to pay the damn interest.
...The juice is climbin' every week.
You have my food in ya hand.
What about for food an' stuff?
That's it.
That's it? -- Completely?
That's it, I'm broke.
A hundred an' thirty.
Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved.
Bob.
What's ya name again?
Please, I need my hands to work -- Christ, don't bust my thumbs.
Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb.
Honest to God I'm broke -- Gimme a break.
Mr. Gazzo wants the two hundred now!
Don't hit the face! Not the face!!
Where else am I gonna go.  Bet three grand on Rocky.
Yo, you gonna show, Tony?
Same thing. Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together. An' I wasn't well an' ya had to beat up that Irish kid -- what's his name? -- Gallager -- I bought a suit and became a businessman. You put on gloves. An' I remember Mama almost cried, may she rest in peace -- an' our ol' man who said ya had no brains --I'd like to lay hands on that bastard. You ain't never had any luck. Even when I owned you in '66 you never had luck. But now I think you might be gettin' some luck kid. Whatta you think?
Black market?
Sure, you do what ya want. Stay away from the stock market.
I'm gonna do somethin with it.
Ya gettin 150 grand killer. Ya got any plans for it? Whatta ya think? Ya like to put it on the street, make it work for ya?
No action.
Listen, kid, I'm with ya. Ya know, I'm with ya -- Italian, we're blood. You kill this rug -- We Guinneas gotta show these Afro-Americans where it's at. Give it your best shot cause I want ya to prove to these bums on the corner that my man can't be beat by this rug... Ya got any action on the side.
Gonna try.
Does Santa Claus charge juice? Merry Christmas -- Now, how's about my present, ya gonna win?
Do I have to pay juice?
Here's five hundred -- Put it in your glove.
A few bucks.
Take your shot, kid -- You got money for trainin' expenses?
I feel bad about walkin'.
Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it.
Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more.
Thanks, Mr. Gazzo.
Here's fifty bucks -- You an' the girl have a nice time.
Yeah.
Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock. Some people just hate for no reason, y'know.
He's always in a bad mood.  Count ya blessin's. Ya a healthy person -- ya legs work -- ya hands work --
Buddy's in a bad mood -- prostate problems.
Paulie's sister.
You think I don't hear things?
How'd you know?
Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight?
Ya sure?
No, two yards from Snyder, an' a grand from Cappoli.
Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder. An' Thursday two yards from Cappoli, okay?
It don't matter. It's my reputation. These guys think they can get off light. It's bad for my reputation -- It's bad for business. See ya killer.
I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin' no more.
Yo Rock. Did I give you a job this mornin? How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya? When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid.
...Fine.
Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night?
Sure, Rocky, Bob's good for it...
He only had a hundred an' thirty. -- I think he's good for the rest next week, Mr. Gazzo.
Not spar, I'm asking whether you would be interested in fighting Creed for the championship.
Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ. He's just there to help condition the man.
Did you hear what I said?
...Like I said, I'd make a boss sparrin' mate.
Rocky, would you be interested in fighting Apollo Creed for the Championship?
I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner.
What?
Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what?
I'm sure you are.
I know ya need sparrin' partners -- I'm very available.
Excuse me.
Sparrin'?
Rocky, would you be interested in --
No -- Just me.
Rocky, do you have any representation? A manager?
Rocky.
Mr. Balboa --
...Thanks.
Hello, Mr. Balboa -- I'm Miles Jergens -- Please, have a seat.
'Night, Marie.
Goodnight, Rocky.
Ya, somethin' like that.
Ya hope I don't keep acting like a whore or I'll turn into one, right?
What was I gonna say?
I won't.
Listen, I hope ya don't --
Yo, a bad reputation -- Twenty years from now people will say 'D'you remember Marie?' 'No, who was she?' 'She was that little whore who hung out at the Atomic Hoagie Shop.' 'Oh, now I remember!'... See, they don't remember you, they remember the rep.
What?
That doesn't matter -- You don't really have to be a whore, just act like one an' that's it.
C'mon, Rocky. I'm twelve.
'Cause that's the way guys are -- They laugh when ya talk dirty. They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out. Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious. Ya get no respect... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore. You'll end up maybe becomin' a whore.
Why?
Nobody likes garbage -- Anyway, this girl with the dirty mouth wasn't bad lookin', but the guys wouldn't take her out for any serious datin'.
Maybe I like garbage.
Makes your breath like garbage.
I like yella teeth.
Make your teeth yella --
...Yeah.
Hey! When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood.
I like 'em. If you don't you can f --
How come ya wanna hang out with those guys? They teach ya bad things.
Don't you never say that --  -- You guys talk like that in front of a little girl -- You guys are scum.
Stuff it, man!
What?
Hey --
Did these guys teach you to talk dirty? Huh?
...Screw you, yoyo.
What'd you say?
...Screw you.
Yo, can I have my locker back?
I don't care what they say, you're a winner.
Great, kid, great.
How I look out there, Mick?
...Yeah.
Would you keep goin'?
Wanna keep goin'?
See what?
Gimme the water! Ya gettin' tagged with his right. I think you should feint left and high hook 'im -- Benny, check the eyes! Can ya see?
Fine... That guy's great.
How you holdin' up, kid?
Why don't ya tell 'im you're a fan!
...The guy's great.
Can't hardly tell. Don't swallow the blood -- Go for his ribs. Don't let 'im breathe.
Damn! How's it look?
Ya nose is broke.
Breathe deep -- Keep ya chin down!! Use the legs and drive through 'im. Attack -- Attack -- Attack!
See how fast he is -- damn!
Real good.
How am I doin'?
Thanks, Mick -- I'm gonna try.
God bless ya, Rock.
Whatta ya think that outfit cost?
Don't let 'im get you tight.
...Shrewd.
I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand.
Whatta you get outta this?
...I'm doin' it for a friend.
Don't you care what the people will say?
Check the eyes, Ben.
Yo, Benny.
What cha say, Benny -- Meet 'The Rock.' This is our cutman, Benny Stein.
I never had good footwork.
Tie it to both ankles -- Leave two feet slack.
Rocky, I'm seventy-six years old. Maybe you can be the winner I never was -- your shot is my last shot!
I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance.
If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask? Just ask.
Whatever I got, I always got on the slide. This shot's no different. I didn't earn nothin' -- I got it on the slide... I needed ya help about ten years ago when I was startin', but ya never helped me none.
Please, kid.
I got pain an' experience too.
Look, you can't buy what I know. Ya can't. I've seen it all! I got pain an' I got experience.
The fight's set -- I don't need a manager.
I'm sorry, I -- I made a mistake. Kid, I'm askin' man to man. I wanna be ya manager.
...Ya gave Dipper my locker.
Respect, I always dished ya respect.
Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker.
Ya got heart.
Really think so?
Yeah, ya kinda remind me of the Rock. Ya move like 'im.
Nobody ever said that -- There's his picture.
Ya got a good mind for dates.
I done it all. I've done an' seen everything'. Believe what I'm tellin' ya -- Ya shoulda seen the night in Brooklyn, I smacked 'Ginny' Russo outta the ring, September 14, 1923 -- same night Firpo knocked Dempsey outta the ring. But who got the Press? He did. He had a manager -- September 14, 1923.
...What?
Rocky, d'ya know what I done?
How 'bout a glass of water?
Fifty years. The rep is known around Philly, an' a good rep can't be bought, but I don't have to tell you that.
Fifty years, huh.
I'm here tellin' ya to be very smart with this shot. Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance.
Turtles -- domestic turtles.
Whatta' those?
Freak luck is a strange thing.
Look at all them other fighters. Real good boys. Good records. Colorful. Fight their hearts out for peanuts -- But who cared? Nobody. They got it shoved in their back door. Nobody ever give them a shot at the title...
Freak luck for sure.
What's happened is freak luck.
Yeah.
Listen, Rock, you're a very lucky guy.
I'm usta seein' ya at the gym, but seein' ya here, in my house, it's kinda outta joint.
How do you mean?
Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much.
Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here? Here, sit down.
I seen the light. I figure somebody was home.
...I said that before.
Probably lookin' for sparrin' partners.
'Bout an hour ago.
When was they here?
Here's the card?
Ya puttin' me on?
A Rep from Miles Jergens' Promotions was lookin' for ya -- They need sparrin' partners for Creed.
Message -- What message?
Did ya get the message, kid?
Yeah, sure.
Think about it.
...No.
Hey, ever think about retirin'?
Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it.
Ya want the truth -- Ya got heart, but ya fight like an ape -- The only thing special about you is ya never got ya nose broke -- keep ya nose pretty -- what's left of ya brain an' retire.
Ain't they?
You think everybody I fight is a bum.
Rice is a bum.
Spider Rice.
...Who'd ya fight?
Yeah, Kayo.
Did ya win?
Yeah --
...Did ya fight last night?
Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature... That was my locker for six years.
The legs must be goin'.
Twenty-five, thirty -- What's the difference? -- It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker.
More like thirty.
Come July, twenty-five.
How old?
...What?
How old are ya?
Facts is facts. I run a business here -- I'm cleanin' house --
...Tomato?
Dipper's a climber -- You're a tomato.
Dipper needed it.
I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker?
Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work...  Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want?
Yeah.
Do you see me talkin'? Huh?
I said, how ya feelin'?
...What?
Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey?
I don't care what nobody says, this bum Creed woulda never made it in the Thirties --
Open my eyes -- Please, open my eyes!
No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more.
He ain't losin' nothin'.
Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam.
'Bout what?
Hey, Rock -- What happened?
Creed's great.
Yeah -- See the fight last night? Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad.
You were ready to bite that guy's face.
Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there.
Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more?
It ain't your locker no more.
Yo, Mike -- What's happenin' here?
We're not responsible for animals left over thirty days -- We board it ain't a animal shelter, Y'know... Adrian, I want you to clean all those cat cages downstairs, they're a mess. 
The owner was suppose to pick him up three weeks ago.
Bullmastiff.
...What kinda dog is this again?
Ain't had time to check 'em.
How's Butkus this mornin'?
Inventin' jokes ain't easy.
Startin' with the bad jokes early today, huh.
What break? Huh? What break! Who am I to give breaks! I'm a fighter, you haul meat. You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man!
Christ, I been beggin' ya for a break until I'm sick inside.
What can I do about it?
...I can't haul meat no more.
...It's cold outside, Paulie.
Outta my house I want ya!!
I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya.
Yo, what's with you? -- It was suppose to be private.
To see ya train.
Whatta these guys want?
Yo, Rock. I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man -- Thatta dog?
C'mon, ya screwin' her?
Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister.
You ballin' her?
She got gaps. I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps.
What gaps?
I dunno -- she fills gaps.
What's the attraction? I don't see it?
Sure I like her.
Ya really like her?
The story -- what's happenin'?
What?
Ain't sure, what's the story?
Whatta you think?
Y'know, d'ya think you an' my sister -- Ah, doin' good together?
Keep this job, ya eat better.
How 'bout you talk to 'em about me?  Please do me that favor.
Gazzo's a good man.
If ya don't pay Gazzo, ya end up hangin' on the hook, right?
...No.
I got whiskey here.
...Tight.
How ya feelin'?
Without havin' good people around, ya won't have such a good chance.
Hey, who cared about me yesterday, huh? Nobody -- I think I'm gonna train myself.
Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know.
I'll do okay.
Y'know, to help keep ya livin' clean.
Help what?
Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right?
It don't bother me none.
He's takin' cheap shots.
It don't matter.
Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool? -- I'd break his lips.
Why?
I didn't want no turkey anyway.
Ice skate.
What's ya sister like to do?
Try again, c'mon, try again.
...Maybe I better forget it.
Forget nothin' -- Here, talk to my sister, tell 'er somethin' nice.
Maybe ya better forget it.
!! Ya want the bird, go out in the alley an' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- Enjoy ya friggin' life... Ya hungry, Rock?
Yeah, sure -- She's very excited.
Ya sister knows I'm comin'?
Gazzo's gotta come to you -- Hey, Paulie, it's a bad job -- Do what you do now.
I'm askin' ya to go to him -- As a favor.
Gazzo's gotta come to you.
Do me a favor -- Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones don't bother me -- Tell him I'm a good worker.
Maybe another job is the best thing.
I don't need a doctor, I need a different job.
Maybe ya should see a doctor.
Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints.
Look at my hands -- See how the joints are swollen.
What kinda business?
I hate the friggin' game... I'd like to talk some business.
I usta be deadly at half-ball.
Absolutely...
Tomorrow you come for some bird, right?
...Sure.
The girl's dryin' up! She's gotta live a little before her body dries up!! You're a pal, Rock -- How 'bout yo' talk to her? Y'know, it's Thanksgivin' tomorrow.
Let's get outta this stink.
I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror.
I don't see no crowd around you, neither.
An' you're dyin' alone, too.
I'm thirty myself.
She's a loser -- She don't enjoy life -- She reads -- Brainy -- Pushin' thirty friggin' years old!  She's gonna die alone if she don't wise up.
...Adrian ain't sharp.
Ya always in a bad mood --
Ya caught me in a bad mood.
Don't get mental, man.
Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor.
Hey --
My sister's a friggin' loser.
Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister?
Looks, huh?
Every mornin', every night I pass by -- I smile. I say jokes. Nothin'. She looks at me.
Forget her. You could do better than my sister.
Your sister's givin' me the shoulder.
What?
Yo, Paulie.
Yo, Rocky -- Look at this mirror. I'd like to kill the friggin' moron who broke this mirror.
Yo, Paulie.
Derogatory? Yeah, he's great.
Do you have anything derogatory to say about the Champion?
I'll tear his head off.
Maybe --
Do you feel you have a chance?
Apollo's a great fighter.
We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away.
How're you preparing for this Bicentennial bout?
...People talk to me more.
So much has happened lately -- Has it changed your life style much?
Listen, I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian!
And now your payday will be one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Any comment?
Four hundred -- But that was a long time ago.
Is it true the most you've ever made in a prizefight is five hundred dollars?
Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can.
How will you fight Apollo Creed?
Feel? I dunno... Happy.
This is your largest payday ever -- How do you feel about it?
