So you're angry.  Big deal.
You turn it on, you open it and you stand in front of it for a very long time.
What am I going to do with a microwave?
You take the microwave?
That's good.
How about ... you're too narcissistic to commit to another human being in a long- term way.
Nope.
You don't love me, is that it?
Nope.
Is there somebody else?
There's no why, Annie.  I'm just not up for it.  I never said I was.
No, that's free.  He's an architect.  Used to do big high-profile projects.  He scaled it all back when his wife died.  Now he remodels people's homes.  He works in a small firm, makes a good living.
I hope I don't have to pay for that piece of information.
It's on the lake right in the middle of Seattle.  It rains nine months of the year in Seattle.
But it's on the water.
It's not a boat boat.  It's really a house.
Boats.  All anyone talks about is the wind.  Is it up, is it down.  I can't live with a man who only talks about the wind.
Houseboats don't go anywhere.
Boats.  You go out in them. You come back in them.  I hate them.
It sounds nice.
I hate boats.
He's got a houseboat.
Tell me he's living in squalor. Tell me everything he has is being repossessed, including his filthy, dented mobile home.
Look!
What?
Oh!
Yes.  Some people will do anything to get out of going to a symphony.
You okay?
I think that's what I'm saying.
Oh, Walter.  I don't deserve you.
Not really.  Look, Annie, I love you.  Let's leave that out of it.  I don't want to be someone you're settling for.  I don't want to be someone anyone settles for.  I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growth stocks, I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office, I have no sexual diseases, I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft, I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth, I dress nicely, I am a member of the private sector, an independent voter, I don't watch Monday Night Football, the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat, strawberries, penicillin, pollen, nuts and wool.  There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring.  If you don't -- marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it, isn't it?
I'm not at the top of the Empire State Building.  I'm here.
At the top of the Empire State Building --
I told you.  Nothing --
So what happened?
Yes.  But it wasn't really.  It was just...
-- it was a betrayal.
I don't know what to say about it, Walter.  It was a form of temporary insanity.  But I had to tell you about it because --
Walter, there's something I have to tell you --
Beautiful view, isn't it?
It's so beautiful.  It's just what I would have picked out if I'd had every ring in the world to choose from.  You see what I mean.  There are people who would like a relationship to be full of surprises, but I am not one of them.  Surprises are highly overrated.
It was my mother's.
Walter.
It's just like my grandmother's china.
I do.
You couldn't.
Don't hate me but I love this pattern.
Well, I did.  And you know what I think? I think that it was almost... too perfect.
No.
About forever.
What?
I am.  I was just... I just got... I think I got nervous.  It's normal, right? Don't you ever feel nervous about, you know?
Ever since Christmas, you've been different.  Kind of distracted, distant.  But I feel like you're coming back from wherever you were.
You go.
Okay, okay.
And then I'll see you in New York --
When you get back, I'll be gone --
Not for the kind of place I want to do.  I won't be in Chicago that long.
Couldn't you just do a phone interview?
I know.  It makes no sense at all.  Thank God my life is in place.
That doesn't make any sense.
Becky heard this woman on the radio complaining about this guy she was sure was Rick, which meant he was cheating on her.  She was completely hysterical.  Then it turned out the woman lived in Duluth.
I gotta go.  I'll see you at work.  Walter, you scared me.  Don't ever do that again.
Miss Scarlett.  In the broom closet.  With the radio.
Oh, it's just Becky, she's having trouble with Rich again.  Hold on, Becky, I'm going downstairs.
Who is it?
I don't think so.
Does it have wheat in it?
It's delicious, trust me.
What is it?
We will?  The Symphony?  Okay.  I'll take you to the Russian Tea Room for pelmeni.
Go to the Symphony --
Go for a walk in Central Park --
We'll stay at the Plaza --
Walter, I'd love to --
I was thinking, I have to go up to Boston for the AAP convention and then visit Winston-Hughes about switching over our computers.  Why don't we meet in New York for Valentine's Day weekend?
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year, darling.
Don't be silly.  I'll just be ten minutes behind you.
I'll wait.
How will I get back to Baltimore Saturday?  Oh God, I forgot my present for your stepmother -- I took it inside by accident.
You sure you don't want to drive with me?
Nope.  Not even when I was young.
Even when you were young?
Nope.
I love you, Walter.  Did anyone ever call you anything other than Walter?
I love you.
They loved you.  I told you they would love you and they did.
Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
Is that all right with you?
My head swells up like a watermelon and I drop dead.
If he eats one tiny piece of a nut --
He's allergic to everything, don't worry about it --
Don't touch them.  I feel terrible sneezing at a time like this.  This is a big moment for me --
They're going to love you.
Am I what they had in mind?
I hope he doesn't get out his slides.
Your Uncle Milton lost all his money in a Puerto Rican condominium that went belly up, don't mention the IRS or the Federal prison system.  Your mother is Barbara, your father is Cliff --
-- who is the most competitive woman in the world --
And your brother Tom is a psychology professor and is married to...Betsy --
-- because Irene threatened to put the dog to sleep if he didn't --
Harold, who ran away with his secretary but came back --
-- who's married to --
The short one with black hair is your cousin Irene --
I hate it.  I'm so happy, Becky.  Finally I feel happy.  This is right. This is real.  Everything else is what happens when you watch too many movies and completely lose sight of what counts.  Please don't tell anyone about what happened.  "Sleepless in Seattle" is history.
I love the symphony.
We're going to the Rainbow Room and the symphony tomorrow night.
What are your plans in New York?
No, I'm not. 
You're going to miss the train.
It doesn't mean anything.  It was written before I went out there.  Before the ho.
What about the letter?
I'm going to run back to Walter's arms, if he's still have me.
So he can't write.  Big deal. I mean, verbal ability is a highly overrated thing in a guy, and our pathetic need for it is what gets us into so much trouble.
Made for each other.
M.F.E.O.?
"Dear Annie: Thanks for your letter.  It was great.  We're very excited about meeting you in New York on Valentine's Day and seeing if we are M.F.E.O. Sleepless in Seattle."
So I mailed your letter.
Becky?
Well, it's the same woman.  And he was crazy about her.  What is this?  This is from Seattle.
This is a photo of hair.
I saw her.  She looked just like this --
You don't know who she was, Annie --
It's a sign I've watched this movie too many times.  I'm so stupid.  From the minute I listen to that stupid program on the radio, I've been a complete jerk.
It's a sign --
He said hello.
But he saw you, right?
That was nothing compared to this humiliation, nothing.
I love that dream.
You know that dream where you're walking down the street naked and everyone is looking at you?
You were standing in the middle of the street?
Good night.
I love you, too.
Thank you.  I love you.
No.  That's the weirdest part about it.
Is this crazy?
What?
Becky?
Okay.  Good.  Goodbye.
That's not what I mean.  I'm going back over there tomorrow and talk to him.  I am.
You told a lie and got on a plane.
I couldn't do it.  How did I get here?
Did you talk to him?
Definitely.
You'd probably have to go somewhere to really look into it.
I thought I would look into doing a story about those radio shows.
The kid is on.  You've got me listening to this garbage. Go on, turn it on.
What?
Turn on your radio!
Hello.
I always wondered about that too.
Do you think at the end of the movie when she's in the wheelchair they can still do it?
I know.
Men never get this movie.
Listen to this, I love this part --
Plus he fell in love with a temp.
And then you left him? He lost weight there and you left him?
Yes.
No.
Can too.
That's impossible.  A guy can't --
He lost all the weight... there.
You never told me you left your husband because he went on a diet.
You want to hear about destiny? If my husband hadn't gone on a diet, which caused me to leave him, I would never have been on that flight to Miami, and met Rick, and ended up having sex in the bathroom of a 727 with that nob you slide that says "vacant-occupied, vacant- occupied, vacant-occupied" -- 
Good.  Perfect.  I'll be in New York with Walter, I can squeeze it in.
"On top of the Empire State Building at sunset on Valentine's Day."
"I want to meet you..."
Your destiny can be your doom. Look at me and Rick.
I don't know.  I mean, what if I never meet him? What if this man is my destiny and I never meet him?
What?
I should say something in this about magic.
Right.
I'm going to marry Walter.  I just have to get this out of my system.
You are.  You're losing your mind.  What about Walter?
I know that.  You think I don't know that? "I know that's a dumb way to begin, but it's the only way I can think of to convey what happened to me the other night when I heard the two of you on the radio.  On the other hand, maybe I'm just losing my mind."
And this woman is a writer! That's what everyone writes at the beginning of letters to strangers.
"I am not the sort of person who listens to call-in radio shows" --
It sounds like the name of a mattress store --
"Dear Sleepless and Son..."
... movie.  That's your problem.  You don't want to be in love.  You want to be in love in a movie.  Read it to me.
They knew it.  Time, distance, nothing could separate them. Because they knew.  It was right.  It was real.  It was...
You're a basket case.
Not.
Oh? Oh, really? Now we're getting down to it.
Actually, he sounded nice.
And now 2,000 women want his number.  The guy could be a crackhead, a psychopath, a flasher, a junkie, a transvestite, a chain-saw murderer, or someone really sick, like Rick.
That's what she called him on the show.  Because he can't sleep.
"Sleepless in Seattle"?
Nothing's with me.
What's with you?
What was what?
What was that about up there?
There's practically a whole book about how that statistic is not true --
It's not true, but it feels true.
Whatever it is.
About what?
You should write something about this.
You want a tail.  I got a guy in Seattle --
No.  Not remotely.  I just want to find out about him.
Oh.  Like Glenn Close in that movie.
I'll tell you the truth, I heard this guy on a call-in radio show and I might not marry the person I should marry because I've become obsessed with him.
A sense of humor.
No, no, no, it's more like, who is he, does he have a sense of humor, is he nice -- no forget nice, I've got nice --
So you want a financial, is he a deadbeat, we can do a D&B --
No, I know that part --
Do you want a matrimonial, past wives, any kids--
She has a pattern of getting involved with losers... Once she almost ran away with a human cannonball from the circus.
Okay.
I need to know about him because... he's involved with my sister...
That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go home.  I quit.  Laurie, I quit.  I'm going back to Baltimore.  How does a blonde do a high- five?
Go home for the weekend.
I want my money.
Maybe you should see a shrink.
I know. 
He wasn't even wrong for you, like <u>cosmically</u> wrong, so don't beat up on yourself for wasting...however long it was.
I know.
Honey, he wasn't right for you.
Howard.
Howard.
Hi, Jonah.  Sam.  And who is this?
I'm Jonah.  That's my dad.  His name is Sam.
Yes.
Are you Annie?
Come on, Jonah --
Oh God, it's major.  He's kissing her on the lips.  I have to stop this.
How am I going to explain this to Walter?
This is a complete disaster.  I wanted him to find a wife, but he's got the wrong one --
This is a grotesque violation of this man's personal life, but never mind --
Please --
And you crazy? He thinks shows like this are dumb.  If you didn't have an 800 number I could never get away with this --
Perfect.  Sandbag the father.
Any time.
Thank you, Tom.  I feel so much better just having blown this off.
Yes, I did.
I know, I know.  I do not want to move to Seattle.  But what I really don't want to do is end up always wondering what might have happened and knowing I could have done something. What do you think?  It's just cold feet, isn't it? Everyone panics before they get married, didn't you?
It rains nine months of the year in Seattle.
I don't even know him.  But I'm having all these fantasies about a man I've never met, who lives in Seattle.
Annie, when you meet someone and you're attracted to them, it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously.  So what we think of as chemistry is just two neuroses knowing that they are a perfect match.
But when you met her, did you believe she was the only person for you? That in some mystical, cosmic way, it was fated?
I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married.  So we get married.
I mean, why did you get married? Was it all fireworks and trumpets and --
What?
I think I'm going crazy, Tom. I really do.  Are you happily married?
You don't believe in signs.
It's a sign.
So you'll get married in a new dress.
Like... clockwork.
Well, fine, fine.  Fiddle da dee.  And how's it working?
Mom, we already...
Of course it took several years before everything worked like clockwork in that department, so don't be worried if it takes a while --
Mom!
I knew we would be together forever, and that everything would be wonderful, just the way you feel about Walter. Walter.  It's quite a formal name, isn't it?  One of the things I truly knew was that your father and I were going to have a wonderful time ... in the sack I believe you call it --
Magic.
Magic.  It was magic.
What?
You know.
What?
I was in Atlantic City with my family.  Cliff was a waiter. He talked me into sneaking out for a midnight walk on the Steel Pier.  I've probably told you this a million times, but I don't care.  And then he held my hand.  I was scared.  All sorts of thing were going through my head.  But after a while I forgot about them.  At one point I looked down, at our hands, and I couldn't tell which fingers were mine and which were his.  And I knew.
It wasn't a sign.  It was a coincidence.
Then how do you explain that you both ordered exactly the same sandwich except for the bread? How many people in this world like lettuce and tomato without something else like tuna?
Oh, please.  Destiny's just something we've invented because we can't stand the fact that everything that happens is accidental.
Destiny takes a hand.
It is, isn't it? You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day you decide to order takeout and it changes your life.
How amazing.
It's silly, really.  I mean, I'd seen him at the office, obviously I'd seen him, he's the associate publisher, and then one day we both ordered sandwiches from the same place, and he got my lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat, which of course he was allergic to, and I got his lettuce and tomato on white.
How did it happen?
You'll love them.  We're going down to D.C.  tonight to be with them Christmas morning.
Are his folks nice?
I know.  He's wonderful, isn't he?
I notice these things are back in fashion.  Oh, honey.  He's a lovely man, Annie.
Granny's dress.  Oh, Mom.
The Historical Society wanted this and I never would give it to them --
We'll move them --
It's probably just the flowers --
Walter and I are engaged!
Everybody! Annie has an announcement --
The one in the street.  I chased after you.
It's me?
It's you.
Shhhh --
Hi.  So far so good.  So.  What should we talk about? How insecure we were in high school.  Shirley Votypka, the first girl I ever felt up. Health.  What about health? Did you know that eating six macadamia nuts is the equivalent of eating a steak?
Hi.
Hello.
Hello.
Magic.
Magic.
You touch her for the first time, and suddenly... you're home.  It's almost like...
Sure you do --
Sure you do.
Thanks, but I'll pass.  It's kind of a big night.  I don't like to leave Jonah alone.
Sam, if you're not doing anything New Year's -- obviously you're not doing anything New Year's -- we're having some people over, all of them married, not one even remotely interested in playing around.  Does that sound great or what?  I can't think of the last time I was at a party when anything actually happened.
Why me? What about Jay?
The point is, take the client out to dinner and ask her to marry you and then maybe we won't have to redo the kitchen cabinets.
Grace the dispatcher.  Great.
Grace heard it.
Great.  This is great.  The whole town knows.  Just out of curiosity, how do you two know?
The cabinets have to be redone --
Which means --
And if I could describe it, it probably wouldn't be on a radio show.  But what the hell.  It's not one specific thing.  It's more of a feeling. 
Why not?
I don't think I could really describe it.
What was it that made you know?
I don't know.  When I met my wife, it was so clear.  I just <u>knew</u>.
What are you going to do, Sam?
It's hard to imagine.
Do you think there's somebody out there you could love as much as your wife? Maybe even more?
What's she talking about?
We've been talking to -- well, let's just call him Sleepless in Seattle, and we'll be right back after this break with listener response, <u>your</u> response, to the things we've been discussing.  The number to call is...
And I don't want to invade your privacy --
Look, Doctor, I don't want to be rude, but --
Why not?
No.
Have you had any relationship since?
It's been about a year and a half.
Good.  How long ago did your wife die?
All righ...
I think it's hard for him to talk to you about all this. Maybe we could talk and it would make him feel a little better.
I'm not mad at you.  Okay, I'm not mad at you.
Jesus, are we on the air? Jonah, for God's sake --
Dr. Marcia Fieldstone of Network America.
Who is this?
I'm not selling anything.  Your son called and asked for advice on how to find you a new wife.
I'm probably not interested in whatever you're selling.
Hello, Sam, this is Dr. Marcia Fieldstone on Network America.
Hello.
Tell her how you don't sleep at night.
I have no doubt that you're a good dad.  You can tell a lot from a person's voice.  But something must be missing if Jonah feels that you're still under a cloud.
Fair enough.
Okay, but if I get yelled at, I'm never gonna listen to this show again.
I'm sure he won't be angry once he realizes how concerned you are about him.
I don't know --
Well, I think I can help a little more if I talk to him directly.
Yeah.
Is he home right now?
You want me to talk to him?
It's very hard for him to talk about this stuff.  It's like it makes him sadder.
Why not?
No.
I'm worried about him, he's worried about me, I ride my bike to school, he follows in the car, like I'm not supposed to know he's there.  Now it's Christmas, and you know what happens to people at Christmas.
And you're worried about him.
I've been pretty sad, but I think my dad is worse.
I'm sorry to hear that, Jonah.
She died.
Where's your mom?
He doesn't have one now. That's the problem.
You don't like the one he was now?
It's not for me.  It's for my dad.  I think he needs a new wife.
Got me there.  What's your Christmas wish, Jonah?
It's not that late in Seattle.
No last names, Jonah.  Hello there, you sound younger than our usual callers.  How come you're up so late?
Right, right.
It is not --
It is easier to be killed by a terrorist --
No.
How about rapacious and love- starved?
Just because someone's looking for a nice guy doesn't make them desperate.
What kind of person would write to someone they heard on the radio?
They met at the Empire State Building, only they didn't. Never mind.
This is going to be tougher than I thought.
You'll like it.
Some woman is going to want me to do it to her and I'm not going to know what it is.
You'll see.
What is it?
You'll find out.
What's tira misu?
Great.  They'll have a parade in your honor.  You'll be Man of the Year in Seattle Magazine.  Tira misu.
I don't think it could let a woman pay for dinner.
Well.  Things are different. First, you have to be friends. You have to like each other. Then you neck.  This can go on for years.  Then you have tests.  Then you get to do it with a condom.  The good news is, split the check.
Seventy... eight.
When's the latest time you were out there?
Everywhere.  You can't even turn on the news without hearing about how some babe thought some guy's butt was cute.  Who the first babe to say this was I don't know, but it caught on.
You mean, like, "He has the cutest butt"? Where did I hear that recently?
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.  What women are looking over, okay? Pecs and a cute butt.
I'm not asking you to set me up, Jay.  That's not what I need your help for.  I want to know what it's like over there.
Sandy has a girlfriend, Clenda ... She's a weightlifter, but it's not like her neck is bigger than her head or anything --
Well, okay.  What's the big deal?  If she'll forget the new fireplace, I'll marry her. Just point me in the right direction.
Hey, my plate is full.
I'd rather die than eat on an airplane.  I'm telling them you're twelve so you can fly unaccompanied and they won't make you be carried around by a stewardess and everything.
I don't know.  Do I?
Do you want a fruit plate?
Window.
Do you want an aisle or a window seat?
But how am I going to get there?
I have forty-two.  So that would definitely cover taxicabs, I think.
Eighty dollars.
Nobody knows.  It changes practically every day.  How much money do you have?
Do you know how much it costs to go to New York?
You have to go to her, Jonah. You have to find her.
I don't get it.
This is the best movie I've ever seen in my life.
Your only hope.
Yeah.  What's that?
It's Y. O. H.
You think so?
Write her.
H and G.  Hi and goodbye.
Dad, could you close the door?
Sure.
What do you mean, okay? Wouldn't you like a dog?
Okay.
Maybe we'll get a dog when we get back.
It was all they had.
I can't believe you flew first class.
No.
I mean, so far, have I screwed it up for you?
No.
Listen, have I ever done anything really stupid?
If I didn't go.
When I found you?
I was scared of what you were gonna do.
What if I couldn't get to you?
Goddammit, I am sick of this --
No.
Get out.
I'm not leaving this room until you say yes.
I can't know what I said, but we're not going.
Did too.
Did not.
You said we could go to New York.
This conversation is finished.
Shut up?  Shut up???  Mom never did that.  Mom never said shut up to me.  Mom never yelled at me.
Shut up.
What's wrong with Annie?
Thank you, Jonah.  But the point is, I am not asking permission.
Fine.  I won't say anything. You can marry Count Dracula.
This is the one I like.
I have to have a life.  I have to do things that I want with people my own age.  It's none of your business who I am going out with.  I don't give a good goddam if you're angry --
Yes.
Are you going with her?
I'm only going to be away one night, okay, and Clarise will be here.  You'll have a swell time.  You'll watch a little Geraldo, some Nightmare on Elm Street 12, I'll never know.
It might be in the kitchen.
Have you seen my wallet?
I sincerely hope you are not going to marry Jessica.
The reason I know this and you don't is that I'm younger and purer so I'm more in touch with cosmic forces.
The one who wrote us.
Who is Annie?
Dad, I was talking to Jessica about reincarnation, and she thinks that probably you knew Annie in another life.
Victoria? She's okay.
God, she's beautiful.
I'm never going to meet anyone who's going to measure up to your mom in your eyes? What do you think? There's a perfect woman walking around out there?
Was Mom an adjustment?
Jonah, this isn't fair.  You don't know Victoria.  I hardly know her myself.  She is, in fact, a mystery to me.  She tosses her hair a lot.  Why does she do this? I have no idea.  Is it a twitch? Does she need a haircut? Should she use barrette so it doesn't keep falling in her face? These are things that I'm willing to get to the bottom of, and that is why I am dating her.  That is all I am doing. I am not marrying her.  Can you appreciate the difference? That's what single people do, they try people on and they see if they fit.  But nobody fits perfectly, everyone is an adjustment.
If she knew, she'd never forgive me.  It would be hopeless for the two of you.
This is not a joke.  Thank God Victoria doesn't know.  It would really have hurt her feelings.
It's a short word.
Long enough to call Victoria a ho.
I just called for a second.
Everyone at work heard you.
No.
Did you call that radio station again?
That's true.  Why is that?
The water tastes better in the kitchen.
There's a bathroom upstairs.
I was thirsty.
What are you doing up?
I thought I saw a black widow spider.
Don't ever do that again.
I'm glad you liked it.  Good night, Jonah.
Thanks for dinner.  I never saw anybody cook potatoes that way.
Thank Victoria for dinner.
Okay.
Jonah!
It's only ten o'clock.
Okay, tiger.  Time for bed.
She's going to cook something for us?
Why is she bringing that bag?
There she is.
I figure we could go to New York, catch the Knicks, and since we'd be there anyway, obviously we'd go to the Empire State Building --
Perfect.  We'll be there.
She doesn't want us to go to Baltimore.  She wants to meet us in New York City on Valentine's Day.  On top of the Empire State Building.
Here is Seattle.  And here is Baltimore.  Case closed. 
Oh, right.
It's a sign.
Everyone thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest.
Dad!
WAIT!!!  -- "and while we're on the subject, let's just say right now that Brooks Robinson was the best third baseman ever. It's important that you agree with me on that because I'm from Baltimore."  Dad, she thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest.
Jonah, I'm leaving --
Just this one part, okay?  "I have been an excellent third-baseman for as long as I or anyone else can remember, and I guarantee you will not get one past me"
Not now, Jonah --
Listen to this --
Now I'm late.  Bye.
Her name is Annie.  Annie Reed.
The heels on these shoes are very large.  Why have I never noticed this? The heels on these shoes are grotesque.
This is a good letter, Dad.
I look stupid.  I look stupid, don't I? I look like I'm trying too hard.  I was going to get a haircut but then I thought I'd look like I just got a haircut. 
Great.
Sleepless and Son.  Baltimore.
This one's for both of us.
Good.
I... uh... have a date with someone Friday night.
I know.  But she's here, Jonah. Because I have you.  And as long as I have you, I have your Mom.
I'm starting to forget her.
I never did.  Or the whole idea of an afterlife.  But I don't know any more.  I have these dreams about... your mom... and we have long talks about... about you, and how you are, which she sort of knows but I tell her anyway.  So what is that? It's sort of an afterlife, isn't it?
Like do you believe in heaven?
I don't know.
I miss her.  What do you think happens to someone after they die?
Is that what she used to sing?
Bye bye blackbird.
You're worried we're going to be all right.  We're going to be all right.  I remember sometimes you'd have nightmares as a baby.  Your mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song.
Our house.  There was water coming in all the windows.
What was?
It was sinking.
How do you know?
I know.
Dad, this is amazing.  If you play this backwards, it says "Paul is dead."
It's nice to meet you, Jessica.
Hi, Dad.  Dad, this is Jessica.
Go to sleep.
Jed's got cables.
Whose show was this on?
In the movies women are always scratching up guy's back and screaming and stuff.  When they're having sex.
What?
Will she scratch up your back?
What do you think?
If you get a new wife, I guess you'll have sex with her, huh?
I'm starting to notice that.
It doesn't.  They ask you.
But not dinner necessarily on the first date because by the time you're halfway through dinner you might be sorry you asked them to dinner whereas if it's just a drink, if you like them you can always ask them for dinner but if you don't you can go home if you see what I mean.  I wonder if it still works this way.
-- a slice of pizza --
You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or --
English muffin.  How do you do it?
This is not how you do it.  You want this on an English muffin or a bun?
Dad, you're not taking this seriously.
She looks like my third grade teacher.  I hated my third grade teacher.  Hold it! Wait a minute! She <u>is</u> my third grade teacher!
She's willing to fly anywhere.
I'm not going to think about what they're not teaching you in school.  I am not going to think about it.  Generally speaking I think we should rule out people who don't live somewhere near here --
Somewhere in the middle.
Oklahoma.  Do you know where that is?
This is no good.  She's looking for someone French.  Or Greek.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I live in Tulsa." Where is that? --
Thank God.  Something you don't know.  It's a single white female.
"Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I am an SWF"--  What is that?
You have to give them your phone number or they won't let you go on the air.
How did they get our phone number?
They called and asked for it.  "Dear Sleepless in Seattle. You are the most attractive man I've ever laid ears on."
Just out of curiosity, how did they get our address?
Right.  I'm sorry, Jonah, I'm sorry.
Stressed.
I'm sorry.  I'm just --
I think I know how to have a spice rack.
Shouldn't you have used a toggle bolt?
Sure.  Looking good.
So I can go.
Fine.  Fine.
Jed is having a slumber party New Year's Eve and he invited me.
Just out of curiosity, do you have any friends whose names don't begin with a J?  I feel like it was a failure of the imagination on our part naming you Jonah.  What is marjoram? Does anyone know?
I forgot to mention.  Jed called --
What?
P.  Dad?
Does red pepper go under R or P?
Dad --
What's the matter with this one? Wouldn't you like to have Imelda Marcos as your mother?
No, I'm not, but --
Oh, you're changing your mind --
Dad, I don't know about this one --
You're right.  You better hope so.
Nobody else is going to know it was us.
What?!
It plays in 50 states.
How many people do you think heard that thing last night?
My feelings exactly.
Not.
Right.
It's never happening again. Right?
Dad?  About last night?
We desperately need a spice rack.  Desperately.
It's a spice rack.
The hopes are perfect -- beautiful, identical, smooth -- and they are for something really amazing I feel it in my bones --
I don't think I have to now.
I can hear you walking around sometimes.  At first I thought it was a robber.  Go ahead, tell her, Dad.
There's somebody on the phone for you.  His name is Sam.
What is it?
Dad --
I think they're announcing your flight.
Well...
Sure.  I'd really like that. Thank you so much.
We ought to start camping again, Dad.
I went camping once.  I love to brush my teeth in a brook and floss with a weed.
Do you like it?
What about it?
What about camping?
Yes, I do.  In fact, my firm has box seats for the Mariners. Why don't we all go next week?
Do you like baseball?
Hi.  He should book now because we can get an excursion fare. Jessica's parents are travel agents and --
Hi, Sam.  And let me guess -- you must be Jonah.
Well, here's the number.  If you ever find yourself Sleepless, give us a call.  We also... do babysitting.
Thanks, but... we've got plans.
We live two piers over, don't we? Number 12, right? We're having like a really neat open house today from like four to whenever if you care to stop by.
You must be Jonah.
Yes?
Hi.  Sam?
Hi.
Look, I met somebody.  She's good, and capable and smart. We hit it off.  We can't spend your life chasing after fantasies.
Would you follow <U>her</U> through an airport?
Anyway, Victoria's nice.
"An Affair To Remember." Did you ever see it? Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr.  Before that it was called "Love Affair With Irene Dunne And Charles Boyer."
What do you mean?
It's a little derivative.
Now that I'm seeing someone, it's a whole other thing.
You're kidding --
It'll take him a while to come around.  A month ago he called one of those radio call-in shows and told them I needed a wife --
How's Jonah taking it?
I tried to talk to her...  It was like I knew her.  Weird.
You saw her in the airport and then here?
He's over at the boat show. He'll be by later.  It's so beautiful here.
God, it's wonderful to see you. Where's Greg?
I'm sorry --
Move on.  Right.  That's what I'm going to do.  In a few months, boom, I'll be fine, I'll just grow a new heart.
Eventually, in a few months, you'll start seeing women, you'll meet someone.
Microwave.  Five minutes.
Five minutes in the microwave. Any one of them, five minutes and done.  Ready to eat.  Do you know how to make juice?
Sure.  Sure.
Absolutely.  When I come back, maybe the two of us should spend some time together, on our own.  What do you think?
It takes time --
I read the same article...
I read an article about this ...
He's good at it.
He's ten.
Absolutely.  Right.
No.  After he was born, every time we started to make love, he would cry.  He had an uncanny sense of timing.  We really shouldn't do anything here anyway.
Is he there?
I've already solved it.  I've hired a hit man.
I know her pretty well.  Maybe I could call her --
We can't finish the job.  She's on her sixth painter, now she's thinking maybe she wants the fireplace rebricked --
So whatdya say? I'll get the check, and I'll call you in eight months.
Oh.
You <u>are</u> the first woman I'm going out with.
No way.  No way I was going to be the first woman you went out with after...  There is no percentage whatsoever in being the first woman anyone goes out with after...
You could have called me --
I really wanted you to call me, and I thought you were never going to --
You did?
I thought you were never going to call me.
You look good yourself.
You look good.
Hi.
Hi.
