No, the other one. The one who played his wife.
Melinda McGraw?
There's always someone out there stalking actors. Look at that woman from the Commish.
And that CICI chick wasn't that bad either but I'm really concerned about my safety now.
Oh that's right. Those poor poor people. God Ben Damon was such a hottie.
Nah I think it's doing so damn well because one of it's players got iced. I just hope none of us end up dead.
I think Jeff Bridges is getting tired.
Heh heh I bet they are babe. I bet they are. Look, my battery's dying . . .
I did. Hon, although I got a total of six minutes screen time, they're the best six minutes of the movie.
Oh I wouldn't miss it for the world. I bet you did such a great job.
All I'm saying is I'm gonna be royally p.o.'d if you don't catch my acting debut.
Look, I'm stuck on the freeway. I think there was some big accident. It could be a little while so I don't want you to start freaking if I don't get there at exactly,  Eight thirty.
No, Jennifer Love Hewitt. Of course it's me, silly. And I feel like an ass standing in this theater lobby all by myself. Where are you babe, the movie starts in twenty minutes.
Reaction to what?
To see your reaction.
Alright I'm here. What the fuck do you want from me?
Closer than you think.
Where are you?
Very good. You follow directions well. Now for the final part of the game. Put down the bat and approach the sign, slowly.
Yeah.
No! You listen to me, if you're not where I want you in fifteen minutes I'll hollow her out. Do you understand?
I swear to God if you lay one hand on her!
You're not playing by the rules Ben. Don't you want her to live?
Good bye Ben.
What?!
That's right. And you beat ROUND 1. Now we're taking the game to a whole new level.  Meet me beneath the Hollywood sign in ten minutes. I'll have your girlfriend. We'll be waiting.
What?! But I did everything you said to do!
Very good. Now we play ROUND 2.
It's CICI! Cici's the name of the character she plays in the movie!
Maybe so, but right now, we play the game. First question, Your girlfriend's counting on you, Name your girlfriend's character in STAB 2?
I swear to God if you lay a finger on her I'll fucking kill you!
You seem to be familiar with the STAB movies. Here's how we play. I ask you a question. You get it right, your girlfriend lives. You answer wrong, she dies.
What kind of a game?
More of a game really.
Listen you sick fuck, is this your idea of a joke?
I mean, I'm standing right outside the LADIES ROOM door at the PLAZA THEATER. Your girlfriend Christine is in there.  She's all alone. Everyone's in the auditorium waiting for the film to start.  I've got my knife.
What do you mean?
Now let's see you act your way out of this one.
Thanks.
Really? You're such a talented actor.
Well ya got me. That's me. I'm Ben Damon.
You almost sound like that guy from THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT CARRIE. Ben. Ben Damon.
But your voice sounds so familiar.
Asshole, Can't talk.
Wait, wait. Don't hang up.
Uh-huh. Look bro, my battery is running out. Really wish I could chat, but I can't so, later.
Do I?
I think you got the wrong number, buddy.
I don't know.
Well what number are you trying to reach?
Who is this?
Who is this?
Hello.
Jesus.  Hello?
Horror flicks. B-Movies from Milton's heyday.
What are these movies? 'Amazombies', 'Space Psychos' 'Creatures from theSan Andreas Fault'?
Well you'll find neither. Rina Reynolds, however, You will.
It may be Maureen Reynolds --
I know every face in here, respect for the unknown actor I suppose, myself included. If you're looking for Maureen Prescott --
Well if you won't work for me, will you work for the president?
Listen, I'm busy. Nobody has access to those files except studio execs. Can you please go away now?
Well can you tell me if the woman in this picture looks familiar to you.
Nope.
Does the name Maureen Prescott sound familiar to you?
I don't watch TV and I hate books. Whatta you need?
I'm Gale Weathers, author of the Woodsboro and Windsor College murders, and anchorwoman for TOTAL ENTERTAINMENT. Maybe you've heard of me?
Can I help you?
Alright, calm down. I'm going to radio in for backup right now.
He killed Milton! The killer's  inside there! Oh God!  DEWEY! Dewey's in there too! He needs medical help! He's hurt!
Jesus Gale what happened?
Wrong, this issue is Sidney Prescott!  And either Mr. Riley is going to obstruct justice or is going to put me in touch with her.  So, where is she?
Boys, boys, why don't we compare our gun calibers later?  The issue is Maureen Prescott!
Actually, there was more this time. This time, we found a picture too.
OK, look.  We all know that this has something to do with 'Stab 3'.  What we do not know is why the killer keeps leaving articles about Maureen Prescott.
Ben Damon. Christine Perkins. Sarah Darling. Tom Prinze. That's four, last time I learned how to count.
Four? There are five.
Yeah, but, if I'm not mistaken, you said in your book that Sidney got it wrong before. She accused Cotton Weary of murdering her mother, and he was sent away for it!  Maybe there is a third killer.  Sidney Might know something
But we know who killed Maureen Prescott, Billy Loomis and Stu Macher.  I mean, they even told Sidney how they did it!
Whoever it is, now is taking credit for Maureen Prescott's murder.
Deal, but I'm still Detective Kincaid,ok?
Please, call me Gale.
In my fifteen years as a homicide detective I've never met a single soul as pushy and brazen as you are Miss Weathers.
But you won't. You're a good man detective. We think alike. I know you need my help. And I know you know I need your help.
I'm not at liberty to tell you that Miss Weathers. You're no longer working with the L.A.P.D. I don't even know why you're standing in here right now. By all means I should have you thrown out.
Who?
Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried.
Shit. Sarah Darling.  I interviewed her too. God, it's happening again isn't it Detective?
That's STAB 3, Miss Weathers. It looks like we're going to be getting a warrant to speak with Miss Prescott anyway.
Look, Miss Weathers, if there's a problem, give me a call. Here's my card. I'm always there.
Oh. I thought you wanted me to stick around.
I go to the police station and do my job, and you go back to being Gale Weathers.
Alright Kincaid, no where to?
And who would that be?
I'd love to help, really I wouldn't mind being sliced at again by a maniacal psychopath, but I honestly don't know where Sidney is. After Windsor she dropped off the face of the Earth. The only other person that might know is, , not going to talk.
I've tried to get in touch with Sidney Prescott, but she's keeping herself very well hidden. You're my one and only hope in finding her. Her life may be in grave danger.
There's more.
That's Sidney Prescott's mother.
A note?
I wish that was all Miss Weathers, but there's more. The killer left a note.
So is that why you're here? Is that why you're holding me from my show, to tell me about some brutal homicide I'm not even involved in?
Both of them were found brutally murdered this morning under the Hollywood sign. Autopsy reports having come back to me yet but the bodies looked like something out one of the Stab films.
Well I interviewed Damon once for the show. He was a real obnoxious fuck. Any way, the second one, Christine Perkins, she had a part in Stab 2, didn't she? She was playing CICI.
I'm sorry Miss Weathers. Allow me to introduce myself, MARK KINCAID, L.A.P.D.  Are you familiar with the actor Ben Damon, or the actress CHRISTINE PERKINS?
Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of me.
Catch him, or kill him.
Oh yeah, how?
Because, that means that we're dealing with an ordinary, flesh and blood killer.  And I know how to handle guys like that.
How is that good news?
Here's the deal, I'm off to search the soundstage. That's good news.
I used to think I had the perfect mom, perfect family.  Till I found out I was wrong.  She had a secret life, and I tried to understand that, and soon as I thought I had, more secrets.  I don't' know who my mom was.  Sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about my mother for the first time. You know, with TV and those movies and what not. God sometimes I feel like I'm just learning about myself for the first time. Like I'm watching my life instead of living in it.
What did you know about your mother?
Hmm.
Can't arrest ghosts.  But the best way to stop being haunted is to be with people.  You're here, you're not hiding, you've done the right thing, Miss Prescott.
Ghosts are tough,  you can't shoot ghosts.
I know what it's like to see ghosts that don't Go away.  To be watching a scary movie in your head, whether you want to or not,  watching it alone.
What do you mean?
I'm a homicide detective, remember?  When you see what I see day in and day out, the violence that people do to each other, you get haunted. I think you know about that.
Excuse me?
To me Hollywood is about death.
Must be exciting, Beautiful place, beautiful people.
No, they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business.  I grew up here, and I know my way around the studios.
Did you request this case?
All I know about movie trilogies is in the third one, all bets are off.
I'll call you Mark when you catch the killer, Detective.
Call me Mark, would you?  Cause I'm gonna keep calling you Sidney.
You seem to like movies, Detective.
You mean like, movie trilogies?
What do you know about trilogies?
Absolutely.
Are you sure?
Why didn't you tell me?  This is my mother, Dewey. Why didn't you say something?
The killer leaves a newspaper clipping at each murder, Sidney. Recently he's also left a photo of your mother.
Sid, get in my car. You're coming back to the station with me where it's safe.
And what made you think it was Sidney?
Jesus Christ Sidney, what happened? I got a call on my cell from home. They told me that someone was attacked.
No.
He could've monitored the calls on a scanner. Did you call her from the set?
Sidney, do you have any idea how he could've gotten your number?
What?  When?
The killer called her.
Nice to finally meet you, Sidney.
There's someone here who wants to help.
What Rielly?
Detective Kincaid?
Is that a threat?
When it's a threat, you'll know it.
Is that a threat, Detective?
Well Sid's dad couldn't help you and he was married to Maureen.
Who knows more about Maureen Prescott than her own daughter?
What does this have to do with Sid?
Before you jump to conclusions, the man in the picture, COTTON WEARY, is out of the country on business. His alibi checks out. Seems he's got a TV show in Australia, 100% COTTON. It's supposedly the biggest thing down under since Yahoo Serious, but that's besides the point.
Police are still searching through the debris. Could be days before we find her . . . that is, if she's even there.
What about Angelina Tyler? She was there too.
That is for me to decide.  I need to talk to her Mr. Riley, she is a key element in this case.  I have a press conference in an hour, and I need to explain why there are four dead celebrities.
I told you, I don't know where Sidney is. And even if there was a third killer, Sidney doesn't know about it.
Understood.  If you'll excuse me Detective.  Gale.
That's fine Mr. Rielly, but if anyone else should die, I'm going to have to get a warrant.
Yeah. A real tragedy.
Mr. Rielly? My name is Mark Kincaid. I'm with the L.A.P.D. Are you aware	of last night's Events?
He wasn't superhuman Dewey. He wasn't superhuman at all.
Watch out Sid. Randy said the killer's always superhuman.
DEWEY! IT'S GALE!
Don't worry Sid I'd never leave you like that.
Dewey my God I thought you were dead.
Sid I want you to stay here! I'll be right back! I'm not gonna let them get Gale!
They've got her!
Where's Gale?
I'm out back. Tied up. Hurry Sid! The killer's looking for you! Quick untie me!
Where are you Dewey?
Sid I can see you!
Dewey?! OHMIGOD! Where are you?!
Help me Sid! The killer's got me!
Yeah?
Jesus Christ Dewey help me! They tried to kill me in the bathroom! The killers!
Don't worry, I've got a permit for it.
No I'll be ok. I've got my mace. My knife.  These two lethal weapons.
Do you want me to come with you Sid? I mean, remember what Randy said?
Listen Dewey I have to go to the bathroom.
No.
I can see nothing's changed.
She was Randy's only girlfriend . . . ever.
Karen Colcheck. From Woodsboro.
Mm, what a waste of Silicone.  What does my mother have to do with this all Dewey? We're a long way from Woodsboro.
Alright Sid, over there is the STAB 3 Production offices. That's where Sarah Darling was murdered last night.
Listen, Detective, I wanna see this studio where all this shit's going down.
I was afraid they were bait, something to, ya know,  trick you out of hiding.
Follow me.
I figured I'd be safe If I was at least up here with the people I care about.  Now where's this Kincaid guy the news is talking about? I found this place from a FOX 5 TV NEWS REPORT. Heh.
What?
Well it's not safe for me up there either. The killer found me Dewey. He called me last night.
What are you doing here? I told you to stay hidden! It's not safe for you up here.
Sure, why not. You did Save my life,Mr. Rielly.
Gale, I know this is a bad time and all but what if we try it out again. The whole relationship thing.
Who is it?
Paternity test results. Christ Dewey, you're never going to believe who Milton's kid is.
Nevermind, what'd you two find?
Sidney, what happened?
I work better alone.  Why don't you do some snooping around the set?
Do you want us to come with you?
I've got an idea, I'll hook up with you guys later.
Just Jennifer.  And you.
Has anyone else every used your phone?
Oh.  Yeah, I guess I do.
Do you have her number stored in your memory?  Phone memory!
Sid, this is detective Kincaid.
Thank you.
GALE BEHIND YOU!
What?
OH. OH GOD. GALE --
Amen boy scout, now answer the fucking door!
Don't worry. I'm prepared for anything.
Fuck!
Gale, your engine's still running.
Neither are you, Magnum P.I.
You're not a detective.
I happen to work for the police god dammit!
Stop following me.
I'm on duty.
Jennifer?! Wait, where are you going off to?
Jennifer needs me.
And who is that?
I've got my suspicions but still, nothing  you say can ever make me take my eyes off one person.
Right. Sorry.  Do you think he did it? 
What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand?
I'm sorry, this is too good!
I already removed it.  I think someone on the film was trying to find Sid, and that's the only reason I came here. To make do a little private investigating of my own and make sure no one here was planning anything.
Someone stole Sid's file?
The boys said no.  She wouldn't give her name. A month later, the station gets broken into, the file room ransacked.
And?
Two months ago, the Woodsboro police got a call from a woman who said she was with 'Stab 3'.  She wanted to see the file on Sid, for research.
Always.
Off the record.
All of what Dewey?  You do know something, don't you?
Brace yourself, Gale, all of this is actually not About you.
Dewey, you're not just here because of that second rate K-Mart, straight-to-video version of me, are you?
You used to say that was our strength.
It didn't work Dewey.  We tried,  we're different.
What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers? I liked her!
It was fucking '60 Minutes II'!  I couldn't say no!  I could've been the next Diane Sawyer!
So it's off to London for a week?  New York for a month? L.A Forever?
You said you'd never leave Woodsboro, 'The only place that's real!'  But now you're here. Not with me.  Dewey, I took care of you.  I waited until you were well.  I couldn't stay there, I mean, it's like dog years, one year in Woodsboro is like seven everywhere else.
What about me?
Again, I am the author of the definitive book on the Woodsboro murders.!  What about you?
Why would the police come to you?
Yes. Look, let's get something straight Dewey, I got into this shit cause the police came looking for ME. Not cause I'm out to make the SUNRISE STUDIOS SLASHINGS.
Do you really mean it this time Gale?
This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.
You mean OUR past as in Me and Sid. This has nothing to do with you Gale.
Uh-huh. Another News clipping. Another one about Sid's mom. Dewey, whether we like it  or not it looks like we're going to have to  go back into our past.
They found another note?
Show him.
What so you can just exploit her again with another book? Sid doesn't need you Gale.
Dewey, personal lives and pasts aside, this is about Sidney. We need to know where she is.
When we did the first 'Stab" I realized I'd known Maureen Prescott before, I mean as Rina. I couldn't tell anyone.  Can you imagine the press?
But you know who she was.
What the hell are you guys getting at?  I make horror films, that's what I do.  The Studio came to me with 'Stab'.  They came to me, check it out.
I remember her!  She was a bit player in a couple of my movies. A nobody! So what does it matter?
No point, I'm just gonna give Detective Kincaid a call.
What's your point?
Just what the hell do you people think you're doing, barging in here like this? I've got important calls to make. I run this studio.
So you knew Sidney Prescott's mother.
Sure.
Would you excuse me for a moment?
Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to a Tobe Hooper flick.
Your life?
Honestly, my life.
Roman, from your enthusiasm it certainly seems that way.  Honestly though,  tell us, what's	your favorite scary movie?
Well it's a honor to be here amongst so many fans of the genre. And I must say that any of you worried that Jerry Rapp, or Tori or David not returning to complete the STAB trilogy, have no fear, Roman is here. Aided with my excellent cast of newcomers I believe we're going to pull off one of the best Stabs yet.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Roman.
Good morning Gale. Pleasure to be here.
Do you get any of my witty humor? I mean, you did play me for three movies.  His two hands, dingus.
Rob Reiner and Quentin Tarentino?
Milton's not a killer. He's a pervert. He probably went out to buy more KY JELLY for his jack -off parties he has with his two best friends.
I think Milton's the killer. I think he just went out to kill another cast member.
Settle down Beavis.  Why don't you tell us the truth?
Oh, Come on!  You have made millions off the story of her murder.  You're obsessed with HER and you're obsessed with her DAUGHTER!
Good twist.
Nobody said she was an actor.
Bitch.
Oh I wish I got that one on tape. It'd put a smile on my face everytime I'm down.
Look who's talking Moneybags. You got more homes than I do.
Really, you know you'd make a fascinating interview. Lifestyles of the Rich and Psychotic.
Basements creep me out.
Gale Weathers would find a way. 
Possibly.
There a story in that building?
No really?
Need to get in that building?
Ha. Maybe I should join SNL.
That's funny.
And as a sane person.  For you that must be quite a stretch.
You know in the movies, I play you as being much smarter.
None.
Here's how I see it.  I've got no house, no movie, no gun, and I'm being stalked.  Because someone wants to kill me?  No, because someone wants to kill you. So now, starting now, I go where you go.  That way, if someone wants to kill me, I'll be with you, and since they really want to kill you, they won't kill me, they'll kill you.  Make sense?
I am Gale Weathers!
Being Gale Weathers.  What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
Geez.
No! He's not dead! He's still breathing! Look!
God damn it you two! Run! Hurry! He's dead!
I dunno but I can tell you that your's will be the home video footage of me sticking my foot up your ass! Now come out and fight like a real man you pussy!
What's your favorite scary movie Gale?
Listen you sick bastard, what the fuck do you want?
Oh shit it's my cell!
Who's phone?
I don't know. Screw them. Look, what's important is that we stick together. No matter what. If anyone is next it's you or me Jen.
Shit! Where the hell are Tom and Angelina?
Still that was a much better movie, I saw it at the premiere last week. God, what the hell am I getting sidetracked with this shit for?! We've gotta get down to business.
I know right. It was kinda weak. That's cause Will Kennison only wrote a rough treatment of it. The script was written by some new guy. He wrote Arlington Street.
AND I DIE NAKED?!  UGH! This is complete bullshit. Who wrote this piece of crap?
Wait a second, whoa! Calm down! Number one there were five different versions of the script given out. Ben Damon was given a fake script because he was only being offered the role. It only had fragments of real scenes from the actual script. And what, I die in STAB 3?
God damn you Gale Weathers! Don't you see? The killer is choosing  his victims as they die in the script! Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend - but she wasn't cast yet so his real girlfriend was killed - then Sarah Darling's Candy, and now me!
Dewey, what the hell is she rambling about now? What's wrong Jen, see yourself on one of those USA NETWORK winners you did and realize how badly you suck at acting?
You! How can I ever get any fame playing you!
I'm saying things got out of hand.  Maybe they did take advantage of her!.  Maybe the sad truth is, this is not the city for innocence.  No charges were brought.  And the bottom line is, Rina Reynolds wouldn't play by the rules.  You wanna get ahead in Hollywood, you gotta play the game, or go home.
Are you saying she was-
It was in the 70's, everything was different. I was well known for my parties, Rina knew what they were. It was for girls like her to meet men, men who could get them parts, if they made the right impression.  Nothing happened to her that she didn't invite, in one way or another, no matter what she said afterwards.
Well how would you like his rotten carcass dug up and drug all over National TV? Why don't you start talking.
Now you listen to me, Lois Lane, let it go. It's dead and buried. Daddy took ol' Yeller out behind the barn and shot him in the head a long time ago.
I don't think so!  Just what happened to Maureen when she was in Hollywood?
Yeah.
Just because you knew her?
Get real, that would make me a suspect!
And now? I mean, murders on your set and still you say nothing?
Who?
Answer the question. You knew Sidney's mom?
They're the ones who approved it.
Listen Lois Lane, I love your show and all but last month I happened to catch your little segment on me and how my wife left me because I'm a sex addict who enjoys screwing fifteen year old girls. It was a real eye opener my lawyers are still thinking about bringing to your superior's attentions.
Oh come on! Why the hostility?
Well then, I guess I'll be leaving then.
GALE WEATHERS?! What are you doing here? No press on the set!  No press, no press on set! Get that woman out of here.
Excuse me Detective, I think we have some business to attend to.
You mean what's left of us.  Yeah I'm running on empty anyways. Gotta refuel.
I think we should go inside. I have to have a talk with the cast. ALL OF YOU.
Really, cause that stunt lost me the lead role in Roman Polanski's latest picture. Huh, what a coincide I was picked up by Roman Bridger. Well, not exactly the Roman I wanted. Get my point? STAB 3 is bullshit. Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself!  Hey, I just got an idea. Maybe I should Have a look at your break line. That your car over there?
Heh, well, that's TV journalism for ya. Stage the news to boost ratings.
Hey I really liked that piece you did on me last month. The one where you said my car accident was caused by me drinking and drugs, and how I faked the tire blow-out just so my insurance wouldn't sky rocket.
Tom Prinze, tanked as usual. That's a shocker.
Gale Weathers. What a surprise.
GALE WATCHOUT!
Let's get out of here!
I know!
I know! He killed Kincaid!
Gale he's got Dewey!
What are you talking about?
We did some researching in the archives. Sid, something dawned on me when I wrote the book on your mother's murder. For two years of her life, 1969 up until 1971 she basically disappeared off the face of the Earth.
Who's this.
Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here?
Oh, you know, the usual small talk, "What's new, how ya been, how do you want to die?"
What'd he say?
Hi, Gale. I'm glad you're all right.
Oh my God! Sidney, you ran fast or what?  Hey.
Roman knock it off! Do you people even know why you kill people? You kill people cause you choose to and not because of any other fucking reason!
See Sid, now comes the part where we get away with it! The part where we win! Cause face it Sidney, in this world, the bad guys win!
I can't take it anymore. This Hollywood exploitation of the nightmare I lived has to be stopped. I did this to make you all repent for your sins, and now I'm pleased I've got my message across. Good-bye.
Wait a second Sid. Don't you go jumping the gun. You haven't seen the best part.  With the aides of the computer revolution of y2kI've been able to steal your voice.  Ain't it cool? Listen to what the police are gonna find next to your lifeless, mutilated body.
Listen, I have no time for this. I've heard this shit before! So lets get on with it!
Oh my God, Angie Crick? From English class?
I'm a director Sid, I direct. For example, Angelina over there,  She's my partner. I can convince her to do anything.  We've been dating since I met her in Woodsboro.
All the nightmares. All the hell I went through was because of you, you spineless bastard!
Roman Bridger, director. And brother.  She slammed the door in my face, Sid. Said I was Rina's child and Rina was dead. And it struck me, what a good idea! So I watched her, made a little home movie, a little family film. Seems Maureen, mom, really got around. I mean, Cotton Weary was one thing, everybody knew about that, but Billy's father, that was the key! Your boyfriend didn't like seeing his daddy in my movies. Didn't like it at all. And once I supplied the motive, all the kid needed was a few pointers. Have a partner to sell out in case you get caught, find someone to frame, it was like her was making a movie.
My movie.
What?  What movie?
It's not just a new script, it's a new movie.
Has there been another goddamn rewrite? How  the fuck are we supposed to learn our lines when there's a new script every 15 minutes?
It is in my script.
Roman that's not the line.
It's Sarah.
I'm hanging up right now.
But you know my favorite name?
Whatever.  Come on, who is this?  I think you have the wrong number.
Why don't we just read the scene?  Candy, is that like candy cane or candy apple?
This is Candy.  Hang on, let me get some clothes. See!  I don't' understand why I have to start the scene in the shower!  The whole shower things been done, 'Vertigo' hello!  And I mean, my boyfriend just died, why am I showering?
Who's this?
Who's this?
Hello.
Page 22..  Ring ring.  Hello?
Page 22, Candy's big moment.
Huh, fine.
Um hmm...  umhmm great, so let's run the lines.
I'm not happy that I'm 35 playing a 21 year old. I'm not happy that I have to die naked!  And I'm not happy that my character is too stupid not to have a gun in the house after her boyfriend's been cut into McNuggets.
You're not happy with your part.
What character?  I'm Candy, the chick who gets killed second.  I'm only in two scenes!
All right, since I got you on the phone, let's talk about your character.
Oh it's no problem, I'm just... looking at your   music video awards.
Sarah, it's Roman, I'm sorry I'm running late, I'm still on the 405, I'm about 10 minutes away.
Oh shit.  Hello? Director's office.
Damn. He called my roommate and told her he had some important things he wanted to go over with me in his office tonight.
No.
Make-up. You need it.  Hey, Roman isn't here?
Roman and everybody else went home for the night. I'm here for a make-up test.
I'm just saying, though. What if there's someone out there stalking actors? Huh? Then what?
Would you give that script a rest? It's like a friggen umbilical cord to you.
SCENE 32. INT. CANDY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT. "What are you talking about Ricky, the murders were a completely isolated incident".
What are you talking about? The murders were a completely isolated incident.
And still the film is Number One at the box office this weekend. Beat out American Pasty and Arlington Street.
Goddamnit I am getting so fed up with these re-writes. It's like every five minutes there's a new script. God, and you just know this all because of STAB 2's script winding up on the internet two months after it wrapped shooting.
It's good to see you again Sidney. I was growing real impatient. Go ahead. Explore. I'll catch up with you later.
Alright I'm here, now show your  face so we can finish this.
I thought you wanted me here?
You're doing real good. Can't you figure it out? I wanna finish this where it all began. Woodsboro.
Alright, I'm here. Now what?
You follow directions good. Now let's wrap this production. Go to the Sunrise Studios backlot. I'll call you when you get there.
Yeah?
I'll call you, when you're on your way.
WHERE?
She'd have been so happy, Sidney, to know we'd be together.
Where?
I don't want them, I want you!  It's simple. You show yourself, they survive, you run, they die!
You're dead!
Are real?  How do you know you're not hearing things? How do you know I'm not someone in your head? Somewhere, you know.
How do I know their voices are --
Always hard being friends with you, Sidney. When you're friends with Sidney, you die! Well these friends don't have to, Sidney. It's up to you.
Go there.
Yes.
Don't do it!  If you do one thing to attract attention, one thing, I'll kill them both. Now, do you have somewhere we can be alone?
The question isn't who I am.  The question is, who's with me.
Who is this?
{ a click } I only her you too, Sidney.
Great. A spirited one. I'll be seeing you real soon Sidney. Real soon.
If you lay a hand on him I'll fucking kill you!
No. We play in my court this time. Come to Hollywood. STAB 3's going to cutting corners cast-wise.  And I've got my eyes set on a technical advisor named Dewey Rielly.
The final act? Well let's play asshole!
Heh. So you think Sidney. So you think. It's all been building up to this Sid. Every STAB. Every SCREAM. Every ounce of blood that's been spilled has all been leading up to this moment. WELCOME TOTHE FINAL ACT.
No. You didn't kill my mother. Billy Loomis and Stu Macher did.
Let them try. You'll never find me. I've already gotten away with murder before. For instance, Maureen Prescott.
You sick fuck I'm tracing this call as we speak! The police are gonna nail your ass!
I want to finish what I started. I want to finish the game.
W-what do you want?
Do you think it's over Sidney? Do you?
It's mother, Sidney, now be a good girl and turn on the news. DO IT!
Who the fuck is this?
Don't you want to know how you can help, Sidney?  Are you listening to me, huh?
I'm sorry, your voice.
No I need to call you. Just you.
Well then the people you need to call are the police.
Uh-huh I'm sure. I've killed someone! OH MY GOD I'VE ACTUALLY KILLED SOMEONE!
Are you sure?
Laura I think I just killed somebody.
Yes, hi I'm Laura, I'm a trained counselor. How can I help you.
Hello?
