Goddamnit, Scooter, come on. Pardon my language, ma'am.
I can go. You don't have to. You don't never go.
Well, yeah it's a classic. You know, Karl, I got to thinkin' about it last night and it's just not Christian of me to not let you have a key. I mean you been in lockup so long, you don't need me keepin' you locked up. You need to come and go as you please. Here, take this key, it'll get you in and out that back door.  Them french fries good?
Yeah, that's a goodun. I believe you did tell me that one before. I've heard that a bunch. Long time ago.
There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, "Boy this water's cold." Old boy from Arkansas says "Yeah, and it's deep too."  Get it? That's a goodun.
I can't remember.
Scooter, did I tell about the two old boys pissin' off the bridge?
Karl, they's a blanket up in under that cot and soap in the bathroom to clean up with.  Now there's one more thing. The way we lock these doors at night, you can't get out. You didn't want to go anywhere, did you?
Wait up, I'll leave with you and lock up.
All right then, I'll see y'all later. Karl you done a good day's work. They right about you. Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful. I'll see you tomorrow.
Scooter, let's me and you go over to Dairy Queen and pick up a few things for lunchtime.
Thank ye.
See there. Thinks of the simplest thing first.
Hit ain't got no gas in it.
You done fixed it? I'll be damned. Scooter told me it couldn't be fixed. 'Course Scooter's about as shitless as one poor son-of-a-bitch can be. You done fixed it. I'll just be damned. See you tomorrow.
I fixed it. Hit's a workin' pretty good.
All right then. I'll see you bright and early. How you comin' along on that garden tiller?
That boy wants me to.
Now, Karl, you sure you want to go stay with these folks? You're welcome to keep on stayin here. It's workin' out real good.
I'll let you off while it's still daylight.
All right then.
Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.
They give me fifty dollars when they turned me loose. I spent up some of it on ridin' the bus and eatin' french-fried potaters.
You got any money?
Yeah, they's good all right.
If it works out and all, maybe we'll get you a key so you can get out at night if you need to. See you later.
I don't reckon.
Yeah, me too.
I like them french-fried potaters.
We order from Dairy Queen at noontime usually. We can buy your lunch till you get on your feet a little.
I've tinkered around on 'em a little bit.
They say you're a whiz on fixin' lawn mowers and things.
Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there.
Thank ye.
Okay, stop back by. Don't worry about your boy here, he's doin' good.
I'll see you, Bill.
Sure.
Can I see him?
He's gone to stayin' over with that Wheatley boy and his mama in their garage. I think that little boy adopted him damn near like a mascot. But he's got a key here to come and go as he pleases. Everything's worked out good.
Is him stayin' here workin' out?
Well, he's pretty quiet. Except for them rackets and breathin' things he does. Ain't threatened me with a killin' or anything.  But boy you couldn't of been more right about him fixin' things. That son of a bitch is a regular Eli Whitney on a lawnmower. Loves french fries. Eats four larges and don't even so much as belch. I'm proud to have him.
Just thought I'd check on Karl and see if everything's working out.
Doin' pretty good. Got a sick tiller here. What's got you down this way?
How are you, Bill?
How 'bout you, Jerry.
Good to know you, Karl.
Karl, come over here. I want you to meet your new boss.  This is Bill Cox, runs this place. Says you can work here and stay in the back.
Well, I've got a roomful of work for him to do. Can't get Scooter to do any of it.
He won't steal. I'm tellin' you he's a pretty good ol' boy. Keeps to himself.
Fine with me. If he steals anything, I'll take it out of your pocket anyway.
He won't have anything to do with him. Now you say it's all right for him to stay out here in the back?
That old man of his still livin' over there on Clark Street I believe.
Well, I ain't scared of him workin' here. You know me. I'm a church goin' man. Forgivin' man. When your time's up the Lord's gonna come git you. You seared of him, Scooter?
He's a regular whiz at it. That's all he did when he was a kid.
Don't look much like he could. You say he can fix a small engine like nobody's bidness.
I remember it real well. Cut them folks to pieces. His mama one of 'em.
No, don't guess I do.  Scooter, good to meet you.  This is him, the one I talked to you about on the phone. Now like I said, I'll understand if you get nervous about it. I'm not gonna lie to you now, he did get in that trouble but then he was real young.
Aw, pretty good. Kids are drivin' me crazy and Phyliss is gonna put me in the poorhouse. Can't complain other than that. Wouldn't do any good if I did.  Do you know Scooter, Jerry?
Good to see you, Bill. How's everybody doin'?
Hey Jerry, how it's goin'. Good to see you. Been a long time.
Karl's my name.
My name is Frank Wheatley. What's your name?
Okay. You don't have to though.
I'll help you tote 'em if I don't give out first.
About a half a mile I think it is.
How fer you going with them sacks full of warsh?
I got a mama, but she's at work over at Ben's Dollar Store. My daddy's dead.  He got hit by a train.
Ain't you got no mama and daddy to tend to it?
Yeah.
What you got in there, warshing?
These dang things are heavy. Hard to carry, too.
Give me the big'uns.
Sixty for small and seventy-five for large.
How much you want fer 'em? I'll get some of them I reckon.
Yeah.
French-fried potaters.
French fries. I like to eat them pretty good.
What do you like to eat here?
Well, I guess it's all good.
What you got that's good to eat?
Did you decide, sir?
Naw, we don't have biscuits.
You have any biscuits for sale?
Well, what did you want?
I was kindly wantin' somethin' or 'nother d'eat.
Can I help you?
Don't say nothin' about that boy.
Well, it's not too big in here, is it?  I feel very generous today. I feel like listening. I'm sure you have plenty to tell me. And please bore me with the details.  ) Come on Karl, who did you kill? Was it the boy?
It's too big.
I bet you did. I was never bent that way. I'm bent the other way. So, you liked it out there in the world.
They was a boy. We made friends.
... on the third day I washed her. She wasn't very clean. I got all the right spots. She was the first one I ever kept for any length of time, you see I get bored easily, I have a short attention span. I can't say she enjoyed her stay, although the washcloth in her mouth held in place by good duct tape kept any complaints to a minimum. I don't really like people who talk a lot. I like to do the talking. I guess that's why I'm so fond of you. You're so easygoing, although I do sense a little tension in you sometimes. By the way, how was it out there? Did you have any fun? Make any new acquaintances? Tell me what it was like.
Catch you later Freddy!
You know better than that. We're on duty. Catch me in that Camaro next week one night.
We run outta somethin' to drink. Goin' to the county line. You want to race?
I figured that. Well you better be careful with that cripple in the back. You'll throw him out. Looks like you got a wagonful.
Yeah.
Yeah She was a big 'un. You ain't drunk drivin' are you Doyle?
Hey Freddy, what's goin' on boy. I seen your pitcher in the paper for catchin' that big-ass bass.
I'll be back in a little bit then.
Naw, hell, let them stay here with me and do men things. There might be some kind of ball game on we can watch. You go on.
All right, y'all gonna go with me?
Would y'all like that?
Well, that's good. It's about time to eat and you know what I'm cravin'? Some of that take out chicken. Why don't you run get some of it, honey, for lunch?
It went real good.
How'd your baptizin' go?
What are you doin' with that damn hammer?
We'll go to church and get you baptized, tomorrow's Sunday. You go on back to bed.
What do you want, hun?
What in the goddamn hell are you doin'? It's the middle of the night.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
Don't tell me what to do.
Leave.
That might be better than this.
You know what I told you, you even think of leavin' me, I'll kill you dead as a doornail.
You're not stayin' here tonight. Go get sober before you come back. I'm tired of my child seein' this. Now you get yourself straight or I'll lock your ass out of my life for good.
You know better than to talk like that when I'm hurtin'. Don't make me knock the piss out of you.
This is not your house, Doyle. This is my house and I'll say who stays and goes. You've got a house, why don't you go get one of your girlfriends and go home to it.
I thought I told everybody to get out of my house. That includes cocksuckers and retards. Get off your asses and go.
But honey, I'll be good. I promise. I love you sweetie. I'm just tryin' to help these two be part of things.
He don't want to Doyle. Don't go Vaughan if you don't want to. You'll wreck Doyle, you're drunk.
Karl, you better clap your hands or he'll just keep on.
Okay ladies and gentlemen  or both. It's come to the time in our show when we like to introduce the band. Over here on lead guitar Mr. Randy Horsefeathers. Come on hit a hot lick, Randy.  Well, come on, y'all are supposed to clap now. Come on! 
Too late, Honey. Fooled you. Done called him. He'll be here.  Or I'll go get him. Come on Karl, I need you to help me ice down a tub of beer, you and Frank.
No Doyle. Vaughan don't want to come to a party with you.
Well, it's on! We're gonna rock. Linda, call Vaughan. Tell him to get over here. I'd like him to be here. I owe him a good time.
You don't have to do anything but pour some potato chips in a bowl and bring beers out when we get low.
Please don't. Not tonight. I'm not up for it. They always stay till mornin'. I'm just give out, Doyle.
Have a damn party! Call Morris and them and get the band together and just party our asses off. I'd like to show that fuckin' Karl to the guys. They'd get a kick out of that. Don't you know they would.
Please Doyle, don't.
You know what we ought to do tonight?
What?
You know what, by God?
He does make some funny noises.
Who could eat with him settin' there makin' that goddamn racket with his throat.
I just feel sorry for the poor thing.
Well, I wouldn't let it get to you.
See, you made him somethin'. Hey Vaughan, I was just goin' on with you, jokin' around, buddy.
Let's go, Vaughan.  Frank, we'll be back in a little while. I'll bring you back somethin'. You're food's in the oven warmin' over.
Frank, why don't you go off and play in your room if Doyle's gonna talk nasty.
Boy, ain't you somethin' else. Talkin' back and everything. It kinda makes me horny when you talk back.
You're not crippled. Get in there and make somethin'.
Ain't that the sweetest thing. What am I supposed to do about supper with you traipsin' around with that fag?
He'll be here in a little while, he's takin' me to get an ice cream.
You sure are hung up on people bein' sweet.  Speakin' of which, where's your girlfriend? I thought he was comin' by here for something.
Yeah, that's right, Frank, you better ask him. I mean, don't hurt his feelin's or anything, but it would be good to know. I'm sure it's nothin'. He seems real sweet.
He had of went nuts and did somethin'. They don't put you in there for just bein' a retard. They's retards all over the place that ain't in the nuthouse. Do you know, Frank?
He's just mentally retarded, I guess.
I ain't sayin' it's right. I'm just tellin' the truth. What was he in the nuthouse for?
Doyle, you're awful. You shouldn't be that way.
Karl can stay if he wants to. Mama said --
Now here's the deal. Now that I'm gonna throw my entire life away doin' what I want to come live here with y'all, we have to get a few things straight. See, Frank, me and you mama wouldn't have any problems if it wadn't for you. We'd never have a bad word between us. But since you do exist, if I'm gonna be here as the head of the household, we'll have to live by my rules. And my rules are you don't speak unless you're spoken to. Stay out of my way and do what a regular kid does. You're a weird little shit. I don't get you. So wake up. Face what they call reality. We're gonna be a family now. And it's my family. I'll be payin' the bills so you got me. But I ain't your daddy. You just treat me like I am. I'm the boss, okay. And the other thing is your friend Karl has to go. We can't have a normal family with him livin' in the garage and comin' in the bedroom at four in the mornin' with hammers and shit. See?
Well, I hate you, too. No I don't. I love your mama. Nobody understands what I go through. I'll leave. You bunch of freaks have fun. I'll call you tomorrow honey. I'm sorry. You can kiss my ass, really.  You ever hit me again you little bastard and I'll make you sorry your daddy ever squirted your little ass out.
I hate you!
Okay, I'll leave and sober up. Everything's botherin' me, that's all. I'm hurtin' Linda. I love you.
That ain't none of your damn bidness. Besides that's the way friends do one another. Fuck it, I'm gonna go call 'em. Honey, find my guitar, I think it's out there in the garage with that loony tune.
Last time you got mad and run Morris and them off and said to stay away from here.
I get nervous, that's all I know.
What have you got to be nervous about? You're a damn kid. You ain't got any bills to pay or bidness to run or old lady to stay on your ass all the time.
Don't talk about daddy. Y'all go on to the garage and let me be.
Stop it, Doyle! Don't talk about daddy, you hear me!
You be quiet, Frank, we're talkin'. The adults are talkin'. Were you in the lockup for cuttin' somebody up with a hatchet?
Stop it, Doyle!
Goddamnit, I'm talkin' to the man. You set right there, Karl.
Come on, Karl, let's go out to the garage.
Yeah, honey, let the kid watch T.V. Hell, let's all watch T.V. like a family till your retarded friend and your homosexual friend gets here.
I want to watch T.V.
You might want to find out. He might of hacked his family to pieces with a hatchet or somethin'.
I ain't sure.
No sir's right. I'm talkin' to your mama. This is your mama's decision, not yours. I'm lettin' it go on because she asked me, not you.  Now is this the kind of retard that drools and rubs shit in his hair and all that, 'cause I have trouble eatin' around that kind of thing. Just like I am about antique furniture and midgets. I can't so much as drink a glass of water around a midget or a piece of antique furniture. Same thing with a droolin' retard.
No sir.
Now son, I wadn't talkin' to you, was I?  Was I?
He's real honest. He wouldn't steal nothin'.
Well, honey, I don't guess I give a shit. I ain't here half the time anyway. If you want a retard livin' in the garage, I don't guess I care. I've got a good tool box and socket set out there I don't want stol'd. I guess I could take it home with me.
I thought I told you to keep out!
I'm a witness. I heard you threaten her life.
That's funny.  You go to bed and take snot nose with you.
Doyle, don't you lay one hand on her.
I'll kill you, you fuckin' faggot! You mind your own business. Now get out! Now, before I get too mad to turn back.
It's not your house, Doyle, it's Linda's.
We don't have a goddamn band! Y'all just shut the fuck up! We don't need no practicin' or managers cause we ain't no fuckin' band! Morris ain't no genius and the rest of you are just losers. Am I the only one sane human bein' around here? Just get the hell out of my house and don't come back!
If y'all don't shut up I'm gonna go out of my mind. And plus you're liable to bust a spring in Karl's head. He's already off balance.
I don't really understand the meaning of the words.
What exactly do you mean by that? I don't understand.
You got that shit right.
Sarcastic right?  You know the boys in the band are probably gonna stay over tonight. We'd be glad to have you.
Oh, yeah, I'm thrilled.
I bet you like sittin' between two men in a dual wheel truck don't you?
Shhhh! This is the national anthem.
Are you sure you can drive? You've really had a lot of alcohol.
Come on, don't be a pussy. Everybody has to work.
I'd better go on home now, it's late. I have to work tomorrow.
You enjoying yourself, Karl?
Sure. It sounded like a number one tune all right.
You like that Vaughan?
That's ridiculous. That's just a total lie.
I heard you was more than friends. I heard Dick Rivers caught y'all all bowed up and goin' at it in the same room with poor, little, old Mizz Ogletree and her dead as a doornail layed out on a gurney.
I know Albert. We're friends.
Hey, Vaughan, you know what I heard? I heard you been puttin' it to Albert Sellers that works over at the funeral home.
Don't rush ever'body, honey.
Sure, I guess.
I aim to kill you with it.
I told you to get away from here, didn't I? I'm tryin' to relax and look at TV.  What are you doin' with that piece of iron? I swear to God you're the weirdest son of a bitch I ever heard of.
What numbers do you punch?
Pick up the fuckin' phone and call 'em, I guess.
How does a feller go about gettin' ahold of the police?
Where's ever'body else? You seen 'em?  I thought I told you to get the hell moved out of here anyway.
You shut up you, fuckin' retard. Get your shit and get out of here.  That was a wake-up slap, Frank. Remember. Reality, like I said. Don't forget any bit of what I said to you and we'll be fine.
Don't hit that boy no more.
Baptized? Well, get baptized then. I don't give a shit. Call a fuckin' preacher, goddamnit! I can't baptize you.
I want to be baptized.
Karl Childers just in from the state facility. Make one of them gruntin' sounds Karl or whatever it is you do.  Oh well, Karl's a little retarded, he don't know what the hell I'm talkin' about. And to Vaughan who fucks a mortician in the rear entrance right in front of his clients. Now that takes balls. Our number one tune for the folks, boys. Kick it off Johnson!
Childers.
On the bass, give it up for Terence "One Ball" Atkins.  On the tambourine and lyrics Morris Hobbs the fuckin' genius of the group.  On drums "The Johnson."  And last and most importantly, Doyle Hargraves on rhythm guitar and business affairs and the only motherfucker with a truck big enough to haul this outfit on the next world fuckin' tour. Come on, a big hand for these guys. They're workin' their asses off here.  Okay I'd like to dedicate this next one to some very special people in our audience tonight. To my lovely female companion Linda, her lovely son Frank, our new boarder Karl - what's your last name Karl?
You're just crazy in a retarded kind of way then.  It wouldn't matter to me if you did do violence on somebody 'cause I ain't afraid of shit. You think I'm afraid for you to stay here. You're just a humped over retard it looks like to me. Not really, I'm just jokin' with you. Welcome to our humble home, buddy. Frank needs all the friends he can get. Frank's a real weak little kid. His daddy taught him how to be a pussy.
I ain't never used no hatchet that I remember.
Well, I can't understand none of it. This one begat this one and that one begat this one and begat and begat and begat and lo somebody sayeth some shit or another. Just how retarded are you?
A good deal of it, I reckon. Can't understand all of it.
You believe in the Bible?
Different ones. The Bible's one of 'em.
What's all them books?
This and that. Toothpaste and whatnot.
What's in your bag?
I'm closing the door now. I told you, I'll see you later.
But maybe just for awhile --
Frank, I just like you as a friend. Only at the secret place. Okay? I can't go there now. I'll see you later.
Can you go there with us now? Me and Karl. We could just hang out. Karl has some cool books.
Here give me the flowers, I'll do something with them. Thank you. Now you better go. Maybe I'll see you down at the secret place one day in a week or two or something. I have a boyfriend now you know. And we're pretty serious. He gave me a ring.
He's gonna be around a lot and I hope you are too, so...
Why? Hi, Karl.
I wanted for you to meet Karl, too. He's my new friend. But I feel like I've always known him. I thought you should meet him.
They're from the Dollar Store. I'm not an idiot. Besides we have a garden full of flowers.
I wanted to bring you some flowers. They're pretty good ones.
Hey Frank. You shouldn't be coming over here. My parents really don't want you to.
Okay.
Ever'thing's okay, boy. I kindly want to put my arm around ye for a minute and then I'm gonna go on and leave here.
Okay. I give you my word. Is ever'thing gonna be okay? Are you all right?
Don't go home tonight and stay with that Doyle. He's got it in for ye tonight. I got me a feelin', too. Feels like to me you ort not be there in that house with him liquored up and mean. Ye mama neither. When you get up from here, I want you to go to that feller's house. Your mama's friend. I want you to give me your word on it.
You know I would. Whatever you want.
Will ye do somethin' for me if I ast you to?
Like something different. I don't know.  You're leavin' ain't you, Karl?
Reckon what kind of a feelin'?
I've got a feelin' today.
Yes sir.
Man. Thanks.  You know when you get a feelin' and you don't know why?
I aim fer you to have 'em.
You don't want to give away all your books.
Maybe you can make more sense out of them than I can. I made you a little old book marker and stuck it in that book on Christmas.
Hit don't make no difference where I was to be. We'll always be friends. There ain't no way to stop that.  I aim for you to have these books.
I care for you, too. But you'll be around, don't say that.
I'm tired, too, Frank.  If I ain't around no more, it don't mean I don't care fer ye. I care for ye a good deal. I care for you more than anybody they is. We made friends right off the bat.
Yeah, I guess so. I'm real tired, you know that. A kid my age shouldn't be tired of things.
That feller's a whole sight meaner than me. He'd just whup the tar out of me.
Karl, I ain't tryin' to say nothin' bad about you, but why don't you stop Doyle when he gets that away? You're older than him. You're strong, too. My daddy wouldn't let him do that to me and Mama.
You're just a boy. You ort not to use that sort of language.
You have to Karl. You have to look out for me. You don't let that son of a bitch run you off.
I'm glad of it you was borned.  I reckon I ain't gonna be there in the garage no more.
Just diggin'.  I ain't ever gonna be happy now. Not with that son of a bitch movin' in for good. I wish me and you and Mama could just run away. But she said he would find us wherever we went. He's crazy. Sometimes I think it would of been better if I wadn't ever born.
I knowed you'd be here.  What are you a-doin' digging with that stob?
Hey, Karl. How'd you know to come out here?
Yes ma'am. I like a fried chicken leg.
Yeah, I guess.
If I ain't too stove up. I ain't like you. I'm old and give out.  I'm proud of ye.
Can we play ever' Saturday?
I wadn't thinkin' about nothin' else just like you told me I'd do.
It was fun, anyhow.
No sir.
It don't matter to me about us losin' does it to you?
You're strong though. You let me make them touchdowns so I'd feel good. My daddy used to do that kind of thing.
Them boys was tryin' to pull me down pretty hard.
I know you could of scored them three touchdowns by yourself instead of throwing 'em over to me.
We're liable to win if we keep this up. For somebody like you, you sure run fast.
I dern near had me a touchdown till them boys got a-hold of me there so I figured I better give it off to you. I seen you over there follerin' me.
Way to go, Karl. We got a touchdown. That was a good lateral, man. That was just like the Wishbone.
Yessir.
We'll be on teams, me and you?
Yeah.
You will? For sure?
I'll play ball with ye. I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference.
Is that right?
Bill Cox is goin' to a funeral for a Mister Turner tomorrow and a closin' up shop early.
Make believin' always made me feel good too from time to time.
I feel sad about Karen Cross, too. I just make like to myself she loves me. I know better, though. It just feels good to me when I imagine it.
I don't reckon I know. I ain't found no way yet and I'm three or four times as old as you. Might be that's just the way folks is.
Seems like Doyle's wormed his way back in. Mama said he's stayin' over tonight and he's talkin' about movin' in for good. We ain't ever gonna be happy. We'll always be nervous, won't we Karl?
Readin' on this book on how to work carpentry. I aim to learn how to build things out of wood one of these times. I've always been partial to wood buildin's and cabinets and whatnot. These drawin's they got here don't make no sense to me so far.  You seem like yore tails a'draggin' a might. You got somethin' wrong with ye?
What you readin'?
I reckon.
She said she'd see me later. That's kinda good, right?
Yes sir, I reckon it does.
Bible says the same thing about killin' others, too.
I've studied about it. The Bible says not to or you end up goin' to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.
I didn't mean to say anything bad about you. I know you're good. You didn't mean no harm.  Did you ever think about killin' yourself on purpose like my daddy did?
Hits been hard thinkin' about it. They ain't a day goes by I don't think about it. I kindly have a picture of it up in my head that I see. Hit makes me sad, too. I have bad thoughts on it. I wished they was somethin' I could of did, too. Shouldn't no bad things happen to childern. All the ol' bad things ort to be saved up for folks that's growed up, the way I see it. I shouldn't of told you about that. A boy ort not hear about such things. It just kindly come out.
That makes me feel real sad. Couldn't you have done somethin', Karl? I would have. I wish I would of had him. He'd be here right now. Livin'.
I wadn't but six or eight. I reckon I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how to care for no baby. Mama and Daddy didn't want him. They learned me to do what they told me to. These days I figure it might of been best to give him right back to the Good Lord right off the bat anyhow.
That don't seem right. It seems like you should have kept him alive and took care of him if he was your brother.
I heared it cryin' a little through that box.
It was still alive when you buried it?
I didn't feel right about doin' that. I takened a shoe box from there in the shed and emptied out some screwdrivers and nuts and warshers from it and put the little feller in that and buried him in the corner of the yard there. That seemed more proper to me, I reckon.
You threw it in a trash barrel?
A little ol' boy.
A boy or girl?
Yes sir. Right then it was.
It was alive?
My daddy come to the shed out back and got me and said throw this here away and handed me a towel with somethin' in it. I went for the trash barrel there and opened up the towel to see 'cause they was a noise and somethin' movin' in it. Hit was bloody-like around that towel. Hit was a little ol' bitty baby, no bigger than a squirrel.
So it died when it come out?
Hit was borned a little too early on. My mother and father made hit come too early some way or other. I reckon they changed their mind about havin' another'n. I was about six or eight year old then and they didn't care too much for me so I reckon they didn't need somethin' else to worry 'em with.
Why?
Yeah.
Why not? It died?
I had one there for little bit. Hit didn't get old enough to play with.
'Cause it's fun. It don't matter if you ain't no good. It takes your mind off of everything else while you're doin' it. When you run real fast tryin' to make a touchdown you don't think about anything else. I ain't no good, but my daddy always said he was proud of me when I threw a ball or ran with it. Did you have any brothers and sisters growin' up to play with?
Naw.
And then some people you don't like right off. It's funny.  You know why I want you to play ball with me?
I don't reckon I know.
You don't seem like a daddy. You seem like a brother.  Wonder what makes you like somebody right off when you don't even know 'em like what happened with me and you.
He ain't no count.
I kind of like you tellin' me what to do and not to do. Just like my daddy. I didn't mind him tellin' me. I hate Doyle to tell me what to do. Mama said the only way to ever get away from him is for him to get away from us. That we can't leave him or he'll try and hurt her.
You ort not to pull on yourself that away.
I didn't know till here while back a year or two ago when I spent the night with Ronnie Smart one time. He said just tug on your peter and think about your mama. I tried it, but I felt funny thinkin' about my mama. So, I switched over to thinkin' about his mama and then what he told me would happen, happened. It sure tingles, don't it?
Yes sir. You ort not know that language.
Oh, jackin' off?
Pull on your works. Your privates.
What do you mean?
That's real good. You ort not to if ye ain't married to somebody. Bible tells you that much. Hit tells some things that don't seem right too, I reckon. I guess a feller ort to foller it close as he can, though.  You don't touch yourself, do you?
And I don't try to touch her. You know, in a bad way. Foolin' around, sex and all.
Naw.
Just 'cause I'm not rich don't mean I don't love her.
They ort to. You're a good boy.
I usually get run off by her mama or daddy if they're home. Reckon why they don't like me?
I bet he will. I got a little money if he don't. I'll get 'em for ye.
I ain't got no money to get 'em with but I bet Vaughan will let me have some of them flowers at the store.
If you want me to.
Would you go see her with me? I kind of thought I might take her some flowers like that woman done you.
Yeah, I recollect it.
You know that girl I told you about. The one I love.
All right then.
I was wantin' to ask you somethin'.
Hit was right thoughty of her.
Yeah, me too.  That was nice of that woman to give you them flowers.
Yeah, I reckon they did. Hit like to tore me up when I read about that pore little cripple boy.
Boy, folks sure had it rough back a long time ago, didn't they?
All right then.
I'm gettin' tired of readin' for a while.
Yeah.
You want to go with me?
That's than un on Christmas I was tellin' you about.
It's name's A Christmas Carol.
Naw. You can look at all my books you want to.
I was goin' to the secret place. I borried one of your books to take down there. You ain't mad, are you?
That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.
Where'd you get them flowers?
Yeah.
Hey Karl, you off work?
I like the way you talk.
I like the way you talk.
I reckon it tastes pretty good to me.
I don't see how you can eat that stuff with all those insides it's made out of.
I reckon if you want me to.  I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.
Will you stay here with us for a long time?
He ort not to talk that away to you neither. He ain't no count. He's mean to you and your mama.  Yore mama and that feller that's carryin' me to get somethin' d'eat's gonna be back here directly.
Well, I hate him.
You ort not to talk that way. You're just a boy.
I'd like to kill that son of a bitch. I hate him.
It's okay if you're lookin' out for yourself. If it's self-defense. Was it self-defense?
I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
Maybe they needed it.
I thought they was.
Were they bad people?
Two people.
Who did you kill?
Yeah, I did.
'Cause he didn't have enough money to take care of us the way he wanted to. That's what the letter said. He got laid off from work and had to just work odd jobs. I thought he took care of us fine.  Karl, did you really kill somebody?
Why did he do that, reckon.
It ain't the truth. He shot hisself with a shotgun on purpose.
Yeah, I remember you a-tellin' me that.
Karl.  You know when I said daddy got hit by a train.
She says it's for the times when he's good to her. She's lonely since daddy died. She said sometimes she don't know why.  He threatened to kill her if she ever left him. My daddy would kill him if he was here and somebody was mean to mama. Vaughan, he's real good to mama. Vaughan that you met. But he's not able to do anything to Doyle, he's funny you know. Not funny ha, ha, funny queer. He likes to go with men instead of women. That makes him not to be able to fight too good. He sure is nice though. He's from St. Louis. People who are queer can get along better in a big town. He got transferred here to work. But mama said the real reason he left is 'cause his daddy hated him. For bein' the way he is. I wish he liked to go with women. I'd rather him be mama's boyfriend than Doyle.
How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her?
I've had a lot of bad thoughts since my daddy died. Sometimes I wish I was still real little and he was still here. My mama's real good, but I wish I had both of 'em.  When we went to Memphis one time in the car, it was rainin' so hard we couldn't see the road. But I wadn't scared because I thought as long as daddy was drivin' nothin' could happen to us. I feel that way about mama now.  Mama has a boyfriend now. His name is Doyle Hargraves. He works construction so he makes a pretty good livin'. He still don't help mama out with any money though. He ain't no good. He's mean to her. He don't like me at all. Mama says it's because he's jealous I belong to my daddy instead of him. He stays with us all night sometimes, but he's got his own house. Somebody told me it's so he can still have other girlfriends. I like it on the nights when he ain't at our house. I'm not so nervous then.
You don't need to know all of that. You're just a boy. You need to think about good thoughts while you're still a boy. They'll be plenty of time for the other.
How did your mama die?
He never did want to. I figure he ain't changed his mind much.
How do you know?
My mother's dead. My daddy's s'posed to be around still. He don't want to have nothin' to do with me though.
They still around, your folks?
Naw. Didn't have too much. Enough to scrape by on, I reckon.
This is what I call my secret place 'cause I come out here when I feel like bein' by myself. I used to come here with Karen Cross. She's kind of like my girlfriend, or used to be. She says she likes Jerry Maroney now. But I'm gonna get her back 'cause I love her. We used to come here and hold hands and talk and read books to each other with a flashlight. She didn't want to have anything to do with me in front of other people 'cause I don't have any money. Well, mama and me, I mean. She seemed to like me a whole lot when we were out here though. She said she loved me, too. Out here. Settin' right on that stump you're on. See, her daddy's a dentist so they're rich. So's Jerry Maroney's daddy. He owns the ice plant. Was your folks well off?
They sell some of everything. Come on let's go. I won't tell her about you bein' in the state hospital for killin'.
I was kindly needin' to do some tradin'. Reckon they sell toothpaste?
Aw, come on. You'll like her. She's real nice. She'll give us somethin' if we ask her to. Candy or somethin'.
I don't want to worry your mama with company.
Wait a minute. You want to go with me? You can meet my mama.
All right then.
Well, anyhow, I was just fixin' to go see my mama down at Ben's Dollar Store. She's workin' two till eight.
I ain't no good at it. I just come by.
Did you want to play ball with us?
You told me to come by.
Yeah. What you doin' by here?
Yeah it is. Your name's Frank.
Hey there. I thought I heard somebody on the porch. Wasn't your name Karl?
Me and the Burnett twins and some boys plays down at the junior high practice field all the time. If you ever want to come by and play. We ain't no good either. Well, I'll see you later.
I never was much count at it. I never did get picked out fer it.
Do you like to play football?
You don't seem like you'd kill nobody.
I reckon I feel all right.
Are you well?
They told me I was well. They had to turn me loose.
How come?
Yeah.
They let you out?
I killed some folks quite awhile back. They said I wadn't right in the head and they put me in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin' me in jail.
Why'd you live there?
I did live there in the state hospital.
Don't you live somewhere?
Ain't got nowhere to set 'em down.
How come you're carryin' them around with you.
Different ones. One's the Bible. One of 'ems a book on Christmas. One of 'ems how to be a carpenter.
What are all them books?
Childers.
What's you last name?
We've had a real hard life, too, Mama.
I know honey. Just remember what I said, we'll bide our time. You just steer clear of him as much as you can. Doyle's had a real hard life. It's just about run him crazy I think.
He's lyin' Mama. He ain't gonna do better.
Well, at least he's tryin'. But who knows for how long.
I love you, too, Mama.
I promise we're gonna get away from him. The time has to be right, that's all. I'd rather him get tired of me and leave me. Then he wouldn't want to hurt me. He wouldn't care then. We'll be fine. I promise. You go to bed now.  I love you.
Doyle wouldn't really kill you, would he?
Yeah, honey, someday everything's gonna be all right.
Is everything gonna be all right someday? I just stay nervous all the time just about.
Huh?
Mama?
I know he does.
I bet he don't. Karl likes me.
I guess. He went to the garage. Poor thing, he's probably never seen such a crazy mess. He probably wants to go back and live in Mr. Cox's shop.
Did Karl go to bed?
Yeah, he has to go to work in a little while. I do too.
Did Vaughan go home?
What are you doin' up again, Frank? You need to get a little sleep.
No, honey, we don't.  I'll make some coffee and start cleanin' up this mess. Karl, you want some coffee, huh?
We don't need to think bad thoughts, do we Mama?
I'm fine, honey. Let's just try and forget about tonight.
You all right, Mama?
He ain't ever okay to me.
He's no more an Indian than I am though. Anyhow, Doyle's gonna try and tease you and be mean to you to show off to his friends. Just like he does to Frank and me sometimes. You just ignore it. Or stay out here away from 'em if he'll let you. He's an okay guy till he gets drunk but tonight he'll get drunk. I guarantee it.
They ain't even no good. The only one can play is Randy Horsefeathers. He claims he's an Indian. His real name's Randy Collins and he works at the feed mill. He can at least play guitar.
Karl, now listen, there's gonna be a party tonight here at the house. Doyle's invited his music-playin' buddies over to make a bunch of racket out on the patio.
I'm glad of it, honey.
I sure like the way he talks. It sounds like a race car motor idlin'. It makes me not be nervous.
I don't know. He just said he'd eat out there.
How come Karl won't eat here with us?
Naw, I don't want to. Me and Karl got things we need to do.
Maybe you and Karl want to go with us?
Frank told me about your situation. And Frank loves company. You know, especially after his daddy passed and all. There ain't no sense in you stayin' in that old greasy shop.  He's mentally retarded, poor thing.
Hey Karl, guess what. Mama said you can stay with us. Out in the garage. Our car won't fit in there anyway. It's real neat.
Nice to meet you, Karl.
Oh, that's Karl. I met him at the laundrymat. Karl, this is my mama. And Vaughan, Vaughan's the manager. He lets mama off any time she feels like it 'cause they're best friends.
Hey, sweetheart. What you up to?
Hey, Mama. Hey, Vaughan.
Me, too.
Flowers is pretty. I've always thought that.
Yeah.
A blister shore can hurt.
I ain't really thought about it too much I don't reckon.
These is the worst shoes I own for walkin'. How far did you want to go?
I reckon.
You walk fast, don't you?
I stay on my feet all the time at work. I just can't find shoes that's comfortable.
I like walkin' quite a bit from time to time.
Well, when you like pricing items as much as I do, I guess it's just bound to happen sooner or later.
Yes ma'am, I reckon.
I told you, I ain't got no boy, now get on out from here and let me be.
That grass out in the yard's all growed up. I figured I might cut it fer ye.
They turned me aloose from the nervous hospital. Said I was well.
I ain't got no boy.
I'm ye oldest boy name Karl.
I ain't got no boy.
I'm ye boy.
I knew you'd do all right. Well, I just wanted to check on you. I'll say bye to Bill and get on back.
That boy, he's my friend. He likes the way I talk and I like the way he talks.
I'll be.
I told 'em about it. They know I'm well. That Mizz Wheatley made me some biscuits.
Yeah.
My history.
Do they know about you?
Yes sir.
Are you sure you're okay staying with that woman and boy?
Well, I guess we better hit the road.
Yes sir.
Didn't you go to sleep at all, Karl? You been sittin' there like that all night?
Yes sir.
Karl, you up?
He's a-carryin' me to look fer work in Millsburg where I was borned.
She's talkin' about me, Karl. That's my first name.
I reckon I can just walk around till the mornin'. Or set and read me a book somewhere.
No, I mean your past. About why you were in here.  I'll take you first thing in the mornin'. You have anyplace you can stay tonight at all? I just can't let you stay here. It's the rules. If something happened well, I'd be liable.
I never was no good with history.
I can't promise he'll hire you. I'll have to tell him about your history.
I reckon.
I know, I've seen it myself. Would you give that a try?
I'm pretty handy I reckon on lawn mowers and whatnot.
Listen, Karl, the truth is I don't know where they expect you to go or what they expect you to do. If it was up to me, I'd let you stay here if that's what you wanted. I'm just doin' my job.  You follow me?  Listen, I know an old boy that runs a fix-it shop deal down in Millsburg. He used to go to church with me. You're good workin' on small engines and things. If I put my neck out for you with him, will you work at it if he'll hire you?
Naw. Never did know too much of nobody. Not to he'p me out anyway.
Your daddy's still livin' down there from what you told me.  I guess he wouldn't help you any, would he? I wasn't thinking. You don't know anybody?
Naw.
Well, you have to learn. It'll take some time. Don't you know anybody down there to help you out?
I reckon I don't care nothin' about bein' a free man. I don't know how to go about it.
Well, you can't do that. You're a free man. You've been let out to do as you please.
I want to come back and stay here.
Karl, what in the world are you doing here?
All right then.
You better go get 'em.
I ain't got nothing but them books.
You better go get your things.
I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to them lookin' at me, too.
Yes, I guess you are.
I reckon I'm gonna have to get used to looking at pretty people.
Thank ye.  I'm just getting around to tellin' you, but I fixed your warshin' machine.
We sure like havin' you.
You've been real good to me, too. It ain't ever'body that'd make biscuits in the middle of the night. You and that boy has give me a good feelin'.
Well thank you, hun. That's real good of you to say. I wouldn't know what to do without him either.
You're a good mama to that boy. You care for him. You work hard fer him to take care of him. You light him up in his eyes, I've seen it. He wouldn't know what to do without ye.
Yeah.
Ma'am?
All right then. Well, I'll see you later. If you see Frank, tell him to come on back home. I don't get to see him all day except Sundays. He can play tomorrow.
He wanted to go off and play, I reckon.  You go in there and you and that Doyle eat ye dinner. You don't have to worry yourself none.
Where'd he go? What's goin' on?
Frank, he went off, too. He ain't gonna be in there when you get indoors.
Well, okay. I got you some.
No ma'am. I'm a'goin' off sommers.
Where are you goin', Karl? Didn't you want some chicken and things?
I could shore use some. Thank ye.
You're a hell of a boy, Frank. Someday you're gonna get all the good things you deserve. And Karl here's gonna get some more biscuits tonight. What do you think about that?
All right then.
Karl, why don't you and Melinda go take a walk. It's nice out.
I believe you. I really do.
Yes ma'am.  I like your garage.  I wouldn't never hurt you or your boy. I'd lay my hand on the Bible and say the same thing.
Was that you? I remember that. I was only three or four, but I always heard about it growin' up.  They say you're well?
I killed my mother and a old boy name Jesse Dixon. I thought they was a-doin' wrong. I was about your boy's age. They say I'm well now from it.
That's okay. It's not really my business. I have wondered though. Why was it? Was it like a nervous breakdown?
Hit ain't right for me to keep from tellin' you how come me to be put in the state hospital.
I like Frank. He's a good boy. Me and him's made friends.
Vaughan's "friend" will be there, too. He works at the funeral home. And Frank. You know Frank likes you a lot. He says you make him feel calm.
I wouldn't mind a havin' supper.
It's all right.  You know I was thinkin' there's this girl that works with me. She's real heavy, but she's cute in the face. Well, you know, she's slow. She's a little bit, I think. She's not retarded, just -- it don't matter, listen to me. I thought you might like to meet her. Vaughan wants to have a little supper over at his house and we could invite her. Would you like that?
Thank ye.
Okay.
Mustard's good on 'em to me.
Well, set down and I'll make some biscuits and gravy.
Yes ma'am.
Well, it is nearly breakfast time anyway. I can't go to sleep. I have to be at work in three hours. You know how it is when you just sleep an hour or two, you feel worse than if you hadn't slept at all?
Just whenever you take a notion to. I don't aim to put you out.
Right now?
Do you reckon you can make me some biscuits?
I'll be dog.
Two fellers was on a bridge a takin' a leak and one feller says the water was cold and the other said it was deep water. One of 'em came from Arkansas, I believe.
No ma'am.
Want to sit down? Did you need somethin'?
I didn't aim to.
You scared me.
Karl, this is my boyfriend, Doyle. Frank, why don't you and Karl go out in the garage and fix him up a place or play a game or somethin'. Vaughan, you ready to go?
Tolerable, I reckon.
Hey, Vaughan. How are you, Karl?
I don't reckon you have to go with women to be a daddy to a boy.  You've been real square dealin' with me. The Bible says two men ort not lay together. But I'll bet you the Good Lord wouldn't send nobody like you to Hades. Some folks calls it Hell, I call it Hades.  That boy lives inside of his own heart. Hits an awful big place. You take care of that boy.
What about you, Karl? Do you want to stay here?
Naw, not yet.  I want ye to give this to Mizz Wheatley. Hit ain't much, but maybe there's a little somethin' to hep out. Hits what I've earned fixin' lawnmowers and whatnot fer Bill Cox.
Well, sure, okay. He hasn't hurt them, has he?
That dern Doyle is in a bad way again with that drinkin' and bein' mean to folks. Will you give me your word you'll do it?
What's wrong? Is everything okay?
This evenin' I want you to go get Mizz Wheatley and that Frank and have them stay with you tonight.
Okay.
I ain't a-stayin'. I need to ast you fer a favor.
Karl, what are you doing here? Come in.
I ain't read 'em yet except two or three of 'em. I can't understand a lot of what I try to read. My mind, hit wonders off to somethin' else when I try to read.
I think Karl is going to be a writer or a librarian eventually. You should see all the books he has. He must read constantly.
Before that I was thinkin' it'd be good if I could get another three or four cans of that potted meat if you got any extry.
Oh. How about before that?
I was thinkin' I could use me another helpin' of these potaters.
That's what I thought. I hope I haven't offended you in any way. You seem like a thinker. You seem to always be in deep thought. Tell me something. What are you thinking right now?
I wouldn't never hurt them.
Anyway, it's hard to live gay, that's the right way to say it, in a small town like this. I've wanted to leave many times, but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we won't go into have kept me from it. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you're going to live in the Wheatly garage you need to know that it won't be easy. Doyle is a monster. Not just a closed minded redneck, but a monster. A dangerous person. I've told Linda that one day that man is going to really hurt her or that boy. Maybe even kill one of them. I see it in his eyes. I'm very in tune, maybe even psychic. Doyle will make your life hell. You're a perfect target. When I first saw you I was afraid of you. Not really afraid, I guess, just taken aback. But also, I felt a real sensitive feeling from you. And for some reason, Frank has adopted you. Much like a stray animal. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. In a good way. Anyway, I just want you to know what you're in for. I have a good feeling about you. You're good for Frank. Maybe it's that he can have an adult friend on a child's level. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way.  There's one more thing. It's none of my business why you were in the state hospital. Everyone has something in their past, maybe you tried suicide, maybe you did something -- terrible. But what I see before me is a gentle, simple man. All I want you to promise me is that you're capable of being around Linda and Frank. You know. You would never hurt them under any circumstances, would you?
I've heard it said that way.
Well that's a very offensive way to put it. You shouldn't say that. You were taught that, weren't you?
Not funny, ha, ha, funny queer.
Homosexual. I like men. Sexually.
I reckon not.
Okay, Karl, the reason I brought you here was to talk to you about something that is on my mind.  I guess I'll put it right out on the table. Where do I start. Linda and Frank are very important to me. They're like family. My own family was never like family. They're horrible people. As a matter of fact I prayed every night for years that my father would die. I finally realized through a lot of therapy that I was wasting my energy on hating him. Now I just don't care.  You see, you and I are a lot alike, strange as that may seem. I mean not physically or even mentally really, just well, maybe emotionally or actually the hand we've been dealt in life. We're different. People see us as being different anyway. You're -- well you have your affliction or whatever and I, well mine's not as easy to see. I'm just going to say it. I'm gay.  Does that surprise you?  That I'm gay. You know what being gay is, don't you?
Okay, I'll come by Mr. Cox's and get you at noon.
I reckon I can stand to eat a little somethin' or 'nother at noontime tomorrow. Bill Cox generally gets me a box of french fried potaters. But I reckon he can lay off doin' it tomorrow.
I mean tomorrow or the next day.
I done et just a little bit ago.
Listen, before you get very used to staying here, I think you and I need to talk about a few things. Can I take you to lunch?
Quite a spell, I reckon.
How long have you been standing here?
Naw, I ain't.
Did you knock on the door yet?
That boy wants me to.
So, you're really going to stay here?
Yes sir.
Not really to speak of.
Do you have family here?
I reckon Mr. Woolridge got me hired on to work for Bill Cox's outfit.
Is that right?  Are you going to be staying here long?
They turned me loose from the state hospital.
Why are you here now?
What's that you say?
What brings you back?
I's horned and raised here up till I's twelve year old.
It's been here seventeen years. Did you live here before or something?
Naw, I don't believe you have. I don't reckon I never been in here. This store didn't used to be here.
I don't think I've ever seen you before.
That's very sweet of you Vaughan. We care about you, too. Don't we y'all?
Listen everybody, I know this may sound corny, I've had a few glasses of wine and that kind of makes me a little emotional, but I'm going to say it anyway. It just came over me in a rush. I want you all to know that I care about each and every one of you at this table.
I'm sorry.
Vaughan, don't get pushy.
Karl, maybe you and Melinda might want to take a walk or something after dinner. It's a nice night.
Hey Karl, you know what? Melinda was voted employee of the month at the Dollar Store last February. Isn't that somethin'?
Good. I haven't decided yet if I'm a good cook.
Karl is a guy guy?
I don't think he sees you as a guy guy.
What about me?
He's retarded's all. You know he's always after a father figure and Lord knows Doyle ain't a good one with his mean ass.
He's been in the state hospital a long time, something must be wrong with him.
Frank's just crazy about him. He likes the way he talks. He helped him carry home the clean laundry.
Are you sure it's safe to let him around that guy?
I know.
He just got out of the state hospital.
Can I help you, sir?
Frank, don't talk that way. Who's that strange lookin' man behind you? Did he follow you in here?
Why won't he talk to women?
I thought you'd be happy to leave.
No, we have to get this story.
Let's just go, Marsha.
Yeah.
Do you smell shit?
Hey, you're the one that wanted to major in journalism. Anyhow, wasn't the guy something like twelve or thirteen when he did it, it was twenty-five years ago, he probably doesn't even remember it.
In a few minutes we're gonna be in a room with a killer. That doesn't bother you?
I don't know why you're so weirded out, this is not San Quentin, it's just a nuthouse. Most of these people don't even know where they are, they're not gonna hurt you.
As much as anybody else is, I guess. Y'all have a good rest of the day now.
Will he be supervised?
Wherever he wants to. I think he's going back to Millsburg where he's from. It's just about twenty miles from here.
Where will he go?
I hope the best for you, Miss Dwiggins, with your school and your paper and all.
I didn't mean that.
We've got some paperwork to take care of. Pretty soon. Don't worry, you won't run into him in the parking lot.
Is he leaving right this minute?
Homicidal signs. Oh, we're gonna change the light in here for Karl. I hope you can see to write.
Signs?
He's free. His time's up. That's the rules. He's been treated and reevaluated. He doesn't show any signs any more.
Can I ask you a question? If he's so troubled, why are you letting him out? What if he does it again? It happens all the time.
It's the best you're gonna get. I'm sorry.
How am I going to conduct an interview if I can't ask him any questions?
But, here's the thing. He'll only talk to you. He doesn't want you to ask him anything. And you shouldn't stare at him.
One of his Daddy's Bible lessons I imagine. Y'all pull up a chair. I'll go out and talk to him.
That's really strange. What does it mean?
I don't think so. Just period, I think. She told him... God gave them the ugliest creation he could think of. Karl has an entire book -- a notebook. On every page it says "Franklin Chapter 1 Verse number 1." He wrote that a few years ago after he'd learned to write. His father's name was Franklin.
Before they were married?
His mother told him that he was their punishment. Hers and his father's; from God, for having sex--
I knew he slept in a toolshed.
You see, Karl, growing up, only knew that sex was wrong and that people who did it should be killed for it. He couldn't really read but, well, neither could his mother. But, his father made sure that his mother knew what the Bible said. And she made sure Karl knew. You know he slept in a hole in the ground under a toolshed, right?
Melvin, go get Karl and take him down to the old classroom.
Can't you talk to him? Maybe talk him into it. I'm a real good interviewer. Just get me in the room with him.
Well, what do we do? We drove all the way out here.
I don't know what to tell you. I'm sorry. I made myself pretty clear I thought. He probably got busy and wasn't thinking. I know how that is. I used to teach shop and eighth grade science.
The other thing is I told your boss on the phone to send a man. Karl won't talk to women.
No thank you.
Karl's real sensitive about having his picture made. He wouldn't even be on the bulletin board for the Easter Collage.  Melvin, would you get me a good hot cup with two sugar substitutes? You girls want some coffee?
Well, yeah, it's for the school newspaper. But it has pictures. I mean it's a regular paper, you know.
I think there must have been a little mix up. I told your sponsor or teacher or whatever he is, there couldn't be any pictures. It's s'posed to be just a little story or article or something, isn't that right?
Yes sir.
Y'all have a seat. Is this all of you?
Nice to meet you. I'm Marsha Dwiggins and this is Theresa Evans. She's here to take the pictures.
My name's Jerry Woolridge.
I think everybody at the store knows that already. They always talk about it. Maureen Ledbetter told a awful story about why you ain't allowed over at the First Baptist Church no more.
Yes.
You mean about y'all bein' together in "that" way?
Well, a lot of people in town talk and spread cruel rumors. Unfortunately, I have to keep certain parts of my life private.
Why?
Also, Melinda, please don't tell anybody at the store that Albert was here tonight, okay.
