Never mind leaving your door open - I got a passkey.
Beat it, Buster.
It's from Satchel Mouth at Table Seven.  This is from me to you, doll.
Bull fiddle.
Which of you dolls is Daphne?
That's the way I like 'em - big and sassy.  And get rid of your roommate.
Get lost, will you?
Wanna see my driver's license?
Aren't you a little too young for that, sonny?
Because I'm working the night shift - and I got a bottle of gin stashed away - and as soon as there's a lull -
Why?
Listen, doll - what time do you get off tonight?
Bye.
Forget it, doll.  After all, you work here - I work here - and believe you me, it's nice to have you with the organization.
I suppose you want a tip?
Okay, doll.
Yes.  And that one, too.
Are these your bags?
I don't know - but I can feel it right here.  That's one good thing about ulcers - it's like a burglar alarm going off inside you.
Funny?  In what way?
You know, Bienstock, there's something funny about those two new girls.
All right, girls - from the top again.
I beg your pardon.
All right, girls.  Who does this belong to?  Come on, now.  Speak up.  Sugar, I warned you!
I thought I made it clear I don't want any drinking in this outfit.
Yes, Sue?  What is it?
Clarinet - drums - trumpet - trombone -
Hi, Mary Lou - Rosella - Okay, Dolores, get a move on - How's your back, Olga?
Me?  I'm the manager of the band - not the night watchman.
Those idiot broads!  Here we are all packed to go to Miami, and what happens?  The saxophone runs off with a Bible salesman, and the bass fiddle gets herself pregnant.  I ought to fire you, Bienstock.
My suitcase - with all my resort clothes.
A what?
You girls have seen a brown bag with a white stripe and my initials?

Pardon me, Mr. Bienstock - can I have my flask back?
Now cut that out, girls-none of that rough talk.  They went to a conservatory.
No --- how does it go?
Fresh!
Upsy-daisy.
It's entirely mutual.
You're welcome.
Thank you ever so.
You're in Berths 7 and 7A.
Hey, she's ticklish!
Cut it out, girls.  Stop it. Joe - Josephine - help!
The one-legged jockey said - 'Don't worry about me, baby.  I ride side-saddle.'
What did he say?
- so the one-legged jockey said - 
Manhattans?  This time of night?
Okay. 
It's private.  Go away.
This a private clambake, or can anybody join?
Where were you guys?
Me and Tiny, we had them cornered - but we lost 'em in the shuffle.
What happened?
They wouldn't be caught dead in Chicago - so we'll finish the job here.  Come on.
Those two musicians from the garage!
Same faces - same instruments -  - and here's your Valentine's card.
Like I was telling you - Little Bonaparte is getting soft.  He doesn't have it here any more.  Used to be like a rock.  Too bad.  I think it's time for him to retire.
He even got Charlie's last toothpick - the one from the garage - and had it gold-plated.
Stop, or I'll burst out crying.
Say, boss - I been talking to some of the other delegates - and the word is that Little Bonaparte is real sore about what happened to Toothpick Charlie.  Him and Charlie, they used to be choir boys together.
We're not on the pier yet -
It's all fixed!  Osgood is meeting us on the pier -
There's a convention, all right.  There's also the ladies' morgue.
Elope?  But there are laws - conventions -
Tell him you're going to elope with him.
What'll I tell him?
Yeah, but they're not watching yachts. Come on - you're going to call Osgood.
Did you hear that?
First thing we got to do is get out of these clothes.
All right - so what do we do now?
There you go with that we again.
We'll walk.  And if we have to, we'll starve.
You crazy or something?  The place is crawling with mobsters - gangrene is setting in - and you're making like Diamond Jim Brady!  How are we going to get out of here?  How are we going to eat?
No tricks, no mirrors, nothing up my sleeve.  It's on the level this time.
What did we do?  Joe, you're not pulling one of your old tricks.
Don't worry.  We did the right thing with it.
All right. What happened to our bracelet?
What do you mean, your bracelet? It's our bracelet.
Wait a minute - my bracelet.  What happened to my bracelet?
Yeah - lets shove off.
I don't know about the captain - but the navigator is getting his tail out of here.
I may throw up.
Hello, my dearest darling.  So good to hear your voice again.
Hello, Room 414?  This is the ship-to-shore operator - I have a call for Miss Sugar Cane.
Drop her a postcard.  Any minute now those gorillas may be up here -
That's when I was a saxophone player. Now I'm a millionaire.
Since when?  Usually you leave 'em with nothing but a kick in the teeth.
We can't just walk out on her without saying goodbye.
Telephone call?  Who's got time for that?
What do you think you're doing?
Get me Room 414.
Sugar?
There's our shaving stuff - and there's Sugar.
Joe, if we get out of this hotel alive, you know what we're going to do? We're going to sell the bracelet, and grab a boat to South America and hide out in one of those banana republics -  The way I figure is, if we eat nothing but bananas, we can live there for fifty years - maybe a hundred years - that is, if we get out of the hotel alive.  Did we forget anything?
But they're from Osgood.  He wanted me to wear them tonight.
Not that, you idiot.
Okay, Joe.
Shut up and keep packing.
I tell you, Joe, they're on to us.  They're going to line us up against the wall and -  Eh-eh-eh-eh-eh - and then the police are going to find two dead dames, and they're going to take us to the ladies' morgue, and when they undress us - I tell you, Joe, I'm just going to die of shame.
What?
Joe -
Nag, nag, nag.  Look, we got a yacht, we got a bracelet, you got Osgood, I've got Sugar - we're really cooking.
What are you giving me with the omelette?
So?  It's going to break Sugar's heart when she finds out I'm not a millionaire.  That's life.  You can't make an omelette without breaking an egg.
It's just going to break his heart when he finds out I can't marry him.
Get it while you're young.  And you better fix your lips.  You want to look nice for Osgood, don't you?
I feel like such a tramp - taking jewelry from a man under false pretenses.
Daphne got a proposal tonight.
That's some nerve!
Wait a minute - lets not be hasty. After all, we don't want to hurt poor Osgood's feelings.
Naturally.  You think my fiance is a bum? Now I guess I'll have to give it back.
Hey - these are real diamonds.
What engagement present?
I'm a boy - I'm a boy - I wish I were dead - I'm a boy - I'm a boy -  What am I going to do about my engagement present?
Look, Jerry - take my advice - forget the whole thing - just keep telling yourself you're a boy!
But Joe - this may be my last chance to marry a millionaire!
Jerry, listen to me - there are laws - conventions - it's just not being done!
Then we'll get a quick annulment - he'll make a nice settlement on me - I'll have those alimony checks coming in every month -
Oh.
Like right after the ceremony.
Like when?
Oh, I don't expect it to last.  I'll tell him the truth when the time comes.
You're out of your mind!  How can you get away with this?
We've been discussing that.  He wants to go to the Riviera - but I sort of lean toward Niagara Falls.
Like what are you going to do on your honeymoon?
Like what?
Jerry - there's another problem.
His mother - we need her approval.  But I'm not worried - because I don't smoke.
I'll say there is!
Look, stop treating me like a child. I'm not stupid.  I know there's a problem.
Jerry, you'd better lie down. You're not doing well.
Security.
But you're not a girl.  You're a guy! And why would a guy want to marry a guy?
Why not?  He keeps marrying girls all the time!
Jerry!  You can't be serious!
You think he's too old for me?
What are you talking about? You can't marry Osgood.
Osgood proposed to me.  We're planning a June wedding.
WHAT?
I am.
Congratulations.  Who's the lucky girl?
I'm engaged.
What happened?
Have I got things to tell you!
Hi, Jerry.  Everything under control?
I'm just borrowing them.  You'll get them back tomorrow.
What are you doing with my flowers?
Oh, no.  I'm not getting caught in a miniature sand trap with that guy.
Tell him you get seasick on a yacht. Play miniature golf with him.
Don't give me the musketeers!  How'm I going to keep the guy ashore?
Because we're pals - buddies - the two musketeers.
Why do I let you talk me into these things? Why?
Come on, you can do better than that. Give him teeth - the whole personality.
Remember - he's your date for tonight. So smile.
You can both go take a flying jump.
Daphne - your boy friend is waving at you.
Oh, no!  Not tonight, Josephine!
That's right.
With ME?
He's going to be ashore with you.
And where's he going to be?
No.  I'm going to be on that boat with Sugar.
You're going to be on the boat with that dirty old man?
Of course, you're not.  I'm going.
Fat chance!  You call him right back and tell him I'm not going.
Just the three of you on that great big boat - you and him and Rudy Vallee.
Oh, he does!
You got it made, kid.  Fielding wants you to have a little cold pheasant with him on his yacht -
What message?  What motorboat?
Yes, Mr. Fielding - you'll pick her up after the show in your motorboat - goodbye - what's that you said?  Oh - zowie! I'll give her the message. 
I'm a push-over for whom?  What is it? Who's on the phone?
And what are you trying to do to poor Sugar?  Putting on that millionaire act - and that phony accent -  Nobody talks like that!  I've seen you pull some low tricks on dames - but this is the trickiest and the lowest and the meanest -
Wise guy, huh?  Trying to louse me up -
Daphne, you're bothering us.
You know - the old shell game.
Daphne -  Go on - tell me all about him.
He's not only got a yacht, he's got a bicycle.
Yes - you have to be very careful about picking a roommate.
I heard a very sad story about a girl who went to Bryn Mawr.  She squealed on her roommate, and they found her strangled with her own brassiere.
This happens to me all the time in public.
You - you -
What is it, young lady?  What are you staring at?
Don't get burned, Daphne.
Yeah - let her soak.  Come on.
Yeah?  Well, I'm your fairy godmother - and I'm keeping an eye on you.
What are you talking about?  Sugar and me, we're just like sisters.
I watched you two on the bus - lovey-dovey - whispering and giggling and borrowing each other's lipstick -
Me?  After Sugar?
What are you giving me with the flying fish? I know why you want to stick around - you're after Sugar.
What's the beef?  We're sitting pretty. We get room and board - we get paid every week - there's the palm trees and the flying fish -
All right, all right!  But how long can we keep this up?
So you got pinched in the elevator. So what?  Would you rather be picking lead out of your navel?
But this is so humiliating.
Listen, stupid - right now Spats Colombo and his chums are looking for us in every male band in the country.
We can get a job with another band. A male band.
How can we?  We're broke.
You promised - the minute we hit Florida, we were going to beat it.
Blow where?
I'm tired of being a flag.  I want to be a bull again.  Lets get out of here, Joe. Let's blow.
They don't care - just as long as you wear skirts.  It's like waving a red flat in front of a bull.
And I'm not even pretty.
Well, now you know how the other half lives.
I got pinched in the elevator.
What happened?
You wouldn't hit a girl, would you?
Male and female - the moth and the flame - I ought to slug you!
Break it up, girls!  Daphne! Come on, help me!
It's not my fault.  I didn't invite them.
What's going on here?  Daphne - Daphne -
Good night, Josephine.
Good night, Daphne.
Then pull the emergency brake!
But suppose I lose?  Suppose it's an emergency?
Fight it.
But suppose I got to go - like for a drink of water?
I just want to make sure that honey stays in the hive.  There'll be no buzzing around tonight.
What are you doing?
I'm a girl.  I'm a girl.  I'm a girl -
Steady, boy.  Just keep telling yourself you're a girl.
We would be caught dead with men.  Those rough, hairy beasts with eight hands -  They all want just one thing from a girl.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
Men?
You tore it again!
Look - no butter, no pastry, and no Sugar!
Boy, would I like to borrow a cup of that Sugar.
Forget it.  One false move, and they'll toss us off the train - there'll be the police, and the papers, and the mob in Chicago...
How about the shape of that liquor cabinet?
Down, Daphne!
Bye, Sugar.  We been playing with the wrong bands.
Polish?
I changed it.  It used to be Sugar Kowalczyk.
Now you tore the other one.
This way, Daphne.
You better come help me.
You'd better go fix it.
Tore off one of my chests.
Done what?
Now you've done it!
Not there - that's the emergency brake.
Listen, stupe - no butter and no pastry. We're on a diet!
When I was a kid, I used to have a dream - I was locked up in this pastry shop overnight - with all kinds of goodies around - jelly rolls and mocha eclairs and sponge cake and Boston cream pie and cherry tarts -
Watch it, Daphne!
How about that talent?  This is like falling into a tub of butter.
I'm Josephine.  Sax.
Hello, everybody.  I'm the bass fiddle. Just call me Daphne.
I never did like the name Geraldine.
DAPHNE?
And I'm Daphne.
My name is Josephine.
This time I'm not going to let you talk me into something that...
What are you afraid of?  Nobody's asking you to have a baby.  This is just to get out of town. The minute we hit Florida, we'll blow this set-up.
Who are we kidding?  Look at that - look how she moves - it's like jello on springs - they must have some sort of a built-in motor. I tell you it's a whole different sex.
The name is Josephine.  And it was your idea in the first place.
It's no use.  We'll never get away with it, Joe.
With those legs?  Are you crazy?
I feel so naked.  Like everybody's looking at me.
Quit stalling.  We'll miss the train.
And it's so drafty.  They must be catching colds all the time.
Must be the way their weight is distributed. Come on.
How can they walk on these things? How do they keep their balance?
Shave our legs, stupid.
Shave?  At a time like this?  Those guys got machine guns - they're going to blast our heads off - and you want to shave?
We are going out of town.  But we're going to shave.
We got to get out of town.  Maybe we ought to grow beards.
The police?  We'd never live to testify. Not against Spats Colombo.  Wabash 1098.
You going to call the police?
That's not far enough.  You don't know those guys!  But they know us.  Every hood in Chicago will be looking for us -
As far away as possible.
Where are we running, Joe?
Not yet.  But if those guys catch us, there'll be blood all over.  Type O.
You don't see any blood?
They got the bull-fiddle.
I think they got me.
No - nothing.  Besides, it's none of our business if you guys want to knock each other off -
We didn't see anything -  - did we?
Knock it off, will you?
We could've had three weeks in Florida - all expenses paid.  Lying around in the sun - palm trees - frying fish...
I'll think of something.  Don't crowd me.
It's a hundred miles, Joe - it's snowing - how are we going to get there?
It's twelve bucks.  We can get one of the overcoats out of hock.
All the way to Urbana - for a one night stand?
Josephine and Geraldine!  Come on!
Now you're talking!  We pick up a couple of second-hand wigs - a little padding here and there - call ourselves Josephine and Geraldine -
You've flipped your wig!
But, Joe - three weeks in Florida!  We could borrow some clothes from the girls in the chorus -
No.  And he ain't been eating so good, either. He's got an empty stomach and it's gone to his head.
Yeah, that's what he means. Good old Nellie!  I ought to wring her neck!
You mean it's a girls' band?
We're not too late, are we?
Nellie told us about it.
- Type O.
Right.  We have the same blood type...
So I had to rush him to the hospital and give him a transfusion...  Right?
It did?  Boy, did it ever!
Don't you remember?  He has this bad tooth - it got impacted - the whole jaw swole up -
With me?
With you.
Yeah - where were you?
Look at the bull fiddle - it's dressed warmer than I am.
I thought you weren't talking to me.
Greased Lightning!  Why do I listen to you? I ought to have my head examined!
Look, stupid, he's ten to one.  Tomorrow, we'll have twenty overcoats!
But we'll freeze - it's below zero - we'll catch pneumonia.
I told you - it's a sure thing.
Sam the Bookie?  Nothing doing!  You're not putting my overcoat on that dog!
Shut up, will you?  I wonder how much Sam the Bookie will give up for our overcoats?
Of course, the landlady is going to lock us out - Moe said no more knackwurst on credit - and we can't borrow any more from the girls, because they're on their way to jail -
Quiet - I'm thinking.
Well, that solves one problem.  We don't have to worry about who to pay first.
Don't look now - but the whole town is under water!
Suppose Lake Michigan overflows?
Hey, Joe!
Suppose Mary Pickford divorces Douglas Fairbanks?
Jerry-boy - why do you have to paint everything so black? Suppose you get hit by a truck? Suppose the stock market crashes?
But suppose it doesn't?
What are you worried about?  This job is going to last a long time.
But suppose he loses?
Look at those odds - ten to one. If he wins, we can pay everybody.
What are you giving me with the rabbit?
He's a shoo-in.  I got the word from Max the waiter - his brother-in-law is the electrician who wires the rabbit -
You're going to bet my money on a dog?
First thing tomorrow we're going out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on Greased Lightning.
We're not?
No we're not.
First thing tomorrow we're going to pay everybody a little something on account.
Of course I am.
You're right, Joe.
How can you be so selfish?  We owe back rent - we're in four eighty-nine bucks to Moe's Delicatessen - we're being sued by three Chinese lawyers because our check bounced at the laundry - we've borrowed money from every girl in the line -
It's just a little inlay - it doesn't even have to be gold -
Dentist?  We been out of work for four months - and you want to blow your first week's pay on your teeth?
Because I lost a filling in my back tooth. I gotta go to the dentist tomorrow.
Yeah.  Why?
I mean, we get paid tonight, don't we?
I'll say.
Say, Joe - tonight's the night, isn't it?
That's what I call a louse!  If I were you, Sugar, I'd throw that bracelet right back in his face.
He's going to South America to marry some other girl - that's what they call high finance.
Thirty-four.
Junior gave it to me.  It must have at least thirty stones -
I always did.
You like it?
How did you get that bracelet?
And talk about elegant - you should see the yacht - candlelight - mint sauce and cranberries.
What for?
Of course not.  As a matter of fact, it was just the other way around.  You see he needs help.
Did he get fresh?
I know what you need - a slug of bourbon.
I thought I heard voices - and I just had to talk to somebody.  I don't feel like going to sleep.
Yes.
No!
Yes.  He wants me to have supper with him - on his yacht - he's going to pick me up at the pier.
No!
What do you think, Josephine?  What does it say in your crystal ball?
I hope so.
What do you mean, maybe?  I saw the way he looked at you.  He'll be there for sure.
I met one of them.
Oh, come on - you can do better than that.
That's it.  Something tells me she's going to walk through that door in a whole new outfit.
Do you suppose she went out shopping?
Yeah.  This is one for Ripley.
Believe it or not - Josephine predicted the whole thing.
No, no, Sugar - wait.  I have a feeling she's going to show up any minute.
Well, I'll come back later.
That's funny.  Josie -  I can't imagine where she can be.
I guess she's not in here.
Josephine -
Oh yes, we do!
We don't have to run.
Neither can I.  Come on - lets go up to her room and tell her - right now.
Will she be surprised. I just can't wait to see her face -
Yeah - Josephine.
If I'd been watching my step, I never would have met him.  Wait till I tell Josephine.
Sugar, dear - let me give you some advice. If I were a girl - and I am - I'd watch my step.
Now look, Daphne - hands off - I saw him first.
Well, I'll be - !   How about that guy?
Come on, Daphne.
Oh, please do come.  Don't disappoint us. It'll be such fun.  And bring your yacht.
Or was it Bryn Mawr?
I'm a what?
It sleeps twelve.  This is my friend Daphne. She's a Vassar girl.
His yacht?
Vanity Fair?
I recognized him too - his picture was in Vanity Fair.
Okay.
Run along, Daphne - I'll catch up with you.
Come on, Sugar - time to change for dinner.
You're so flat-chested.  Clothes hang so much better on you than they do on me.
What's that?
But there's one thing I envy you for.
That's from carrying around the bull fiddle.
I mean, your shoulders - and your arms -
You should have seen me before I went on a diet.
You know, Daphne - I had no idea you were such a big girl.
Just a little trick I picked up in the elevator.
What do you think you're doing?
She'll rub it on me - and I'll rub it on her - and we'll rub it on each other - bye.
Oh, I have some suntan lotion.
We'll rent some at the bathhouse. How about you, Josephine?
See?  She doesn't have one either -  You don't?
You betcha.
A bunch of us girls are going for a swim. Want to come along?
Here you are, Sugar.
Thank you, Daphne.
I'll carry the instruments.
I'm just going to get some ice.
Not you, Sugar.
Oh, Sugar.  You're going to spoil my surprise.
And bring the cocktail shaker.
We have some bourbon - lets make Manhattans.
Who needs vermouth?
No fair guessing.
Here.  This'll put hair on your chest.
We better have a drink first.
When?
Uh-uh.  Not yet.
What's the surprise?
So spill it.  Spills, thrills, laughs, games - this may even turn out to be a surprise party.
I may spill something.
No - no lights.  We don't want anyone to know we're having a party.
You better put on the lights. I can't see what I'm doing.
I tell you - this is the only way to travel.
Half-full.
How's the bottle?
I'm fine.
You all right?
I know where to get some.  Don't move.
You got some?
Look, Sugar, if you feel you're coming down with something, the best thing is a shot of whiskey.
I have a very low resistance.
I'm not that sick.
Maybe I'd better go before I catch something.
I'm a very sick girl.
What did you say?
I'm a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl -
Let me warm them a little.  There - isn't that better?
Isn't that ridiculous?
And you've got cold feet.
That's ridiculous.
And your head is hot.
That's ridiculous.
Why you poor thing - you're trembling all over.
No, no.
Anything wrong?
Interesting.
When I was a little girl, on cold nights like this, I used to crawl into bed with my sister.  We'd cuddle up under the covers, and pretend we were lost in a dark cave, and were trying to find out way out.
No.  It's nice and cozy.
I'm not crowding you, am I?
Stay as long as you'd like.
I'd better stay here till she goes back to sleep.
We won't tell anybody - not even Josephine.
I don't want her to know we're in cahoots.
Sssh.  Sweet Sue.
And that's one of them.
Oh, I can think of a million things -
If there's anything I can do for you -
It must be freezing outside.  When I think of you - and your poor ukulele -
If it hadn't been for you, they would have kicked me off the train.  I'd be out there in the middle of nowhere, sitting on my ukulele.
It's nothing.  I just think us girls should stick together.
I wanted to thank you for covering for me. You're a real pal.
Oh - Sugar!
Honey - she called me honey.
Good night, honey.
Good night, Sugar.
See you around, girls.
I'll say.
Are my seams straight?
I don't want you to think that I'm a drinker. I can stop any time I want to - only I don't want to.  Especially when I'm blue.
We'll take a rain check.
I don't really have much of a voice - but then it's not much of a band, either.  I'm only with 'em because I'm running away.
She sings, too.
I'm Sugar Cane.
That's us.  I'm Daphne - and this is Josephine.
That's all right.  I was afraid it was Sweet Sue. You won't tell anybody, will you?
Terribly sorry.
OH!
I'm sorry. I was having a nightmare.  Something I ate.  I'm not at all well.  See?  Hot water bottle.
What's the big idea?
I was it.
I thought you said three years.
Yes.  For a whole year.
Didn't you girls say you went to a conservatory?
Oh - those.  I don't know.  Mice?
How did those holes get there?
Oh - here and there - and around.
Where did you girls play before?
This is our manager, Mr. Bienstock. I'm Sweet Sue.
Brand new.
Look, if William Morris doesn't come through -
Hello, Mr. Morris? This is Poliakoff, in Chicago. Say, you wouldn't have a couple of girl musicians available? A sax player and a base?
What's with him - he drinks?
Wait a minute, Joe.  Lets talk this over.  Why couldn't we do it?  Last year, when we played in that gypsy tearoom, we wore gold earrings.  And you remember when you booked us with that Hawaiian band?  Grass skirts!
Yes, I'm holding on.
We could -
- and you got to be girls.
We could dye our hair.
- you got to be blonde -
We could pass for that.
You're the wrong shape.  Goodbye.
What's wrong with us?
The Florida job?
It's about the Florida job.
Well - nobody's perfect.
But you don't understand!  I'm a MAN!
We'll adopt some.
And I can never have children.
I forgive you.
And I have a terrible past.  For three years now, I've been living with a saxophone player.
I don't care.
And I smoke. I smoke all the time.
It doesn't matter.
Well, to begin with, I'm not a natural blonde.
Why not?
Oh, no you don't!  Look, Osgood - I'm going to level with you. We can't get married at all.
We can have it altered.
Osgood - I can't get married in your mother's dress.  She and I - we' not built the same way.
I called Mama - she was so happy she cried - she wants you to have her wedding gown - it's white lace.
Flower girl.
Another bridesmaid?
Come one!
Pleased to meet you.
This is my friend Josephine - she's going to be a bridesmaid.
Sorry.
You're leading again.
Yes, Osgood?
Daphne...
You're a pretty hot little firecracker yourself.
You know something, Mr. Fielding? You're dynamite!
They got a Cuban band that's the berries. Why don't we go there - blindfold the orchestra - and tango till dawn?
About that roadhouse -
Who?
Well, I'll be - !  He does have a bicycle.
Well, then, why don't we go dancing? I know a little road-house, down the coast -
I'll throw up!
But it's such a waste - a full moon - an empty yacht -
No, thank you.  I'll walk.
Please.  It won't happen again.
Oh, you don't get off that easy.
This is where I get off.
Goodbye?
Goodbye, Mr. Fielding.
She doesn't approve of girls who smoke.
Why?
My last wife was an acrobatic dancer - you know, sort of a contortionist - she could smoke a cigarette while holding it between her toes - Zowie! - but Mama broke it up.
Wanna bet?
You must be quite a girl.
Most of the time I slap it.
Fascinating.  Do you use a bow or do you just pluck it?
Bull fiddle.
Oh, of course.  which of these instruments do you play?
Sorry.  I'll be on the bandstand.
If I promise not to be a naughty boy - how about dinner tonight?
Well, pull in your reel, Mr. Fielding. You're barking up the wrong fish.
So this year, when George White's Scandals opened, she packed me off to Florida.  Right now she thinks I'm out there on my yacht - deep-sea fishing.
I'm not surprised.
Mama is keeping score.  Frankly, she's getting rather annoyed with me
You're not sure?
No - it's showgirls.  I've been married seven or eight times.
You invest in shows?
Yes, indeed.  It's cost my family quite a bit of money.
You don't say.
You know, I've always been fascinated by show business.
Personally, I'm Type O.
It certainly is delightful to have some young blood around here.
Thank you.  Aren't you a sweetheart?
Let me carry one of the instruments.
Me too.  Bye now.
If there is one thing I admire, it's a girl with a shapely ankle.
I am Cinderella the Second.
I am Osgood Fielding the Third.
Help yourself.
Just a moment, miss -  May I?
That's good thinking.  Daphne's a push-over for him.
Oh, that's all taken care of.  I'm giving them shore leave.  We'll have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I checked with the Coast Guard - there'll be a full moon tonight - oh, and tell her I got a new batch of Rudy Vallee records -
Just the two of you?  What about the crew?
The New Caledonia.  That's the name of it.  The Old Caledonia went down during a wild party off Cape Hatteras.  But tell her not to worry - this is going to be a quiet little midnight snack - just the two of us.
Got it.  Supper - yacht - after the show - I'll tell her.  Your yacht?
Well, it is to me.  Will you give her a message?  I'd like her to have a little supper with me on my yacht after the show tonight.
This is her roommate.  Daphne can't talk right now.  Is it anything urgent?
Oh, no!
I don't mean to be forward - but ain't I had the pleasure of meeting you two broads before?
You won't breathe nothing' - not even air.
We won't breathe a word.
I don't like no witnesses.
You ain't going nowhere.
To Urbana.  It's a hundred miles.
Wait a minute.  Where do you think you're going?
We're just a couple of musicians - we come to pick up a car - Nellie Weinmeyer's car - there's a dance tonight -  Come on, Jerry.
Don't I know you two from somewhere?
My car?  Why, you -
Good!  Then you won't be needing your car.
Yes, Joe.
And you'll be in all evening?
I'm not doing anything.  I just thought I'd go home and have some cold pizza -
Because I got some plans -
Why?
Please, Jerry - that's no way to talk.  Nellie baby - what are you doing tonight?
It's three weeks in Florida -
What's the job?
The minute we get a job, I'm going to take you out to the swellest restaurant -
You're making it up pretty good so far.
Nellie baby, I'll make it up to you.
Oh?
What a heel!  I spend four dollars to get my hair marcelled, I buy me a new negligee, I bake him a great big pizza pie...  - and where were you?
Now look, Nellie - if it's about last Saturday night - I can explain everything.
Thank you.
Oh, it's you!  You got a lot of nerve -
Anything today?
You got it.  It's six dollars a man.  Be on the campus in Urbana at eight o'clock -
We'll take it!
Look, if you boys want to pick up a little money tonight -  At the University of Illinois they are having - you should excuse the expression - a St. Valentine's dance.
William Morris!
No, we couldn't!
You got to be under twenty-five -
What kind of band is this, anyway?
It's not the backs that worry me.
The wrong shape?  You looking for hunchbacks or something?
The instruments are right, but you are not.  I want to speak to Mr. Morris.
You need a bass and a sax, don't you?
What are you - a couple of comedians? Get out of here!  Long distance?  Get me the William Morris Agency in New York.
Nellie, get me long distance.  What is it?
Hey, Sig - can we talk to you?
There are two things I will not put up with during working hours.  One is liquor - and the other one is men.
We got time off for good behavior.
All right - lets take it from the top. And put a little heat under it, will you?
We got it second-hand.
Would you mind rejoining the living? Goose it up a little.
No - funerals.
Hey, Sheboygan - you two - what was your last job - playing square dances?
Yes, we're the new girls.
You two from the Poliakoff Agency?
Well, here we are.
That's right - pour it on.  Talk me out of it.
Do yourself a favor - go back where the millionaires are - the sweet end of the lollipop - not the cole slaw in the face and the old socks and the squeezed-out tube of toothpaste -
I know.  Every time!
You don't want me, Sugar - I'm a liar and a phony - a saxophone player - one of those no-goodnicks you've been running away from -
I told you - I'm not very bright.
Sugar!  What do you think you're doing?
How can I?  No matter where I go, there'll always be a Shell station on the corner.  I'll bring this back when it's empty.
You'll forget him, Sugar.
He was the first nice guy I ever met in my life - and the only one who ever gave me anything.
Daphne -
I don't know.  All of a sudden, I'm thirsty.
What's the matter, Sugar?
Goodbye, my darling.
Well, anchors aweigh, you have a bon voyage.  And if you need an orchestra to play at your wedding, we'll be through here in a couple of weeks.
Oh.  The navigator just came in - we're ready to cast off.
I didn't do anything.  It just happened.
Not always.  But I want you to know I'm very grateful for what you did for me.
Real diamonds.  They must be worth their weight in gold.  Are you always this generous?
What's what?  Oh, that.  just a little going away present.
Yes, they're here.  Oh - white orchids.  Would you believe it - I haven't had white orchids since I was a debutante.  What's this?
Smart move.  Oh, by the way - did you get my flowers? You know, those orchids from my greenhouse - the fog finally lifted over Long Island, and they flew them down this morning.
But you have.  You've given me all that inside information - first thing tomorrow I'm going to call my broker and have him buy fifty thousand shares of Venezuelan oil.
I only wish there were something I could do for you.
I knew you would.
Oh, of course.  I understand.  At least, I think I do.
According to our tax advisers, she's only so-so.  But - that's the way the oil gushes. A man in my position has a certain responsibility to the stockholders - all those little people who invest their life savings -
Oh - that kind of a merger.  Is she young? Pretty?
It's all rather complicated - what we call high finance - but it so happens that the president of the Venezuelan syndicate has a daughter, and -
You're not?
Quite a while.  As a matter of fact, I'm not coming back at all.
A merger?  How long will you be gone?
You see, we have those oil interests in Venezuela - and I just got a cable from Dad - the board of directors decided on a merger.
Where to?  South America?  Oh. That is unexpected.
Not tomorrow, either.  You see, I have to leave - something unexpected came up - I'm sailing right away.
Tomorrow night?
I'm afraid not.  I can't make it tonight.
I'll meet you on the pier again - right after the show.
Yes.  Now about our date for tonight...
That's funny - I never slept better.  And I had the most wonderful dream.  I was still on the yacht, and the anchor broke loose - and we drifted for days and days - you were the captain and I was the crew - I kept a lookout for icebergs, and I sorted your shells, and mixed your cocktails, and wiped the steam off your glasses - and when I woke up, I felt like swimming right back to you.
Daphne has a beau - I have a beau - if we could only find somebody for you.
Me?
That's wonderful.  Poor Josephine.
From a rich millionaire.
Really?
I'm going to see him again tonight - and every night - I think he's going to propose to me - as soon as he gets up his nerve.
Gee, I wish I'd been there.
Nice?  It was suicidally beautiful.
Did you have a nice time?
Oh, no.  I'm off that stuff - for good.
Let's make it an even million.
Eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
How much do I owe the Milk Fund so far?
Good morning.
Good night.
Oh, you know - Junior League - charity bazaars - I used to sell kisses for the Milk Fund.
Where did you learn to kiss like that?
Mineral baths - now really!
They told me I was caputt - finished - washed up - and now you're making a chump out of all those experts.
Thank you.
I never knew it could be like this.
I must be - because your glasses are beginning to steam up.
I think you're on the right track.
Lets throw another log on the fire.
I got a funny sensation in my toes - like somebody was barbecuing them over a slow flame.
I'm not quite sure.  Try it again.
Well - ?
So inhale!
It's like smoking without inhaling.
You're not giving yourself a chance. Don't fight it.  Relax. 
Look, it's terribly sweet of you to want to help out - but it's no use.  I think the light switch is over there -  - and that's the radio.  It's like taking somebody to a concert when he's tone deaf.
Would you like a little more champagne?  And maybe if we had some music -  - how do you dim these lights?
I'm afraid not.  Terribly sorry.
Anything this time?
All right - if you insist.
I may not be Dr. Freud or a Mayo Brother or one of those French upstairs girls - but could I take another crack at it?
What is it?
Would you do me a favor?
If I ever found a girl that could - I'd marry her like that.
Don't talk like that.  I'm sure there must be some girl some place that could -
I have.  Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back -  - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.
Maybe if you saw a good doctor...
Thanks just the same.
Is that anything?
Why?
Have you ever tried American girls?
My family did everything they could - hired the most beautiful French upstairs maids - got a special tutor to read me all the books that were banned in Boston - imported a whole troupe of Balinese dancers with bells on their ankles and those long fingernails - what a waste of money!
Is it that hopeless?
What else is there for me? 
How can you think about food at a time like this?
Yes - all the money in the world - but what good is it?  Mint sauce or cranberries?
You poor, poor boy.
Ever since then -  numb - no feelings.  Like my heart was shot full of novocaine.
Talk about sad.
Yes.  Eight hours later they brought her up by mule - I gave her three transfusions - we had the same blood type - Type O - it was too late.
Oh, no!
Well, it was my freshman year at Princeton - there was this girl - her name was Nellie - her father was vice-president of Hupmobile - she wore glasses, too.  That summer we spent our vacation at the Grand Canyon - we were standing on the highest ledge, watching the sunset - suddenly we had an impulse to kiss - I took off my glasses - I took a step toward her - she took a step toward me -
Oh, you couldn't possibly.
I don't want to bore you.
What happened?
Not anymore.  I was in love once - but I'd rather not talk about it.  How about a little cold pheasant?
You mean you can't fall in love?
Oh, it's not your fault.  It's just that every now and then Mother Nature throws somebody a dirty curve.  Something goes wrong inside.
That makes me feel just awful.
Complete washout.
Nothing at all?
See?  Nothing.
Have I?  I'm trying all the time.
Have you tried?
It's more like a mental block.  When I'm with girls, it does nothing to me.
You mean - like frigid?
They just sort of leave me cold.
What thing?
Well, I don't know how to put it - but I have this thing about girls.
Harmless - how?
Oh, it's not that. It's just that I'm - harmless.
Well, of course, I'm sure you're a gentleman.
You're flattering me.
It's not the icebergs.  But there are certain men who would try to take advantage of a situation like this.
Oh, it's perfectly safe.  We're well anchored - the ship is in shipshape - and the Coast Guard promised to call me if there are any icebergs around.
You know, I've never been completely alone with a man before - in the middle of the night - in the middle of the ocean.
Completely.
You mean we're alone on the boat?
It's the crews' night off.
What's on Thursdays?
Yea, of course.  Now where could they have put it?  On Thursdays, I'm sort of lost around here.
Where's your shell collection?
I'll say.  I had two ponies drowned under me.
Water polo - isn't that terribly dangerous?
Trophies.  You know - skeet-shooing, dog-breeding, water polo...
Look at all that silverware.
Bon voyage.
Down the hatch - as we say at sea.
I don't mind if I do.
Champagne?
They shrink when they're marinated.
A herring?  Isn't it amazing how they get those big fish into those little glass jars?
Oh - a member of the herring family.
What is it?
Caught him off Cape Hatteras.
What a beautiful fish.
It's all right for a bachelor.
It's exquisite - like a floating mansion.
Of course.  On Thursdays, they always serve me in the small salon.
Oh - in here.
Yes - that's our hurricane cellar.
Oh, you have an upstairs and a downstairs.
Yes - now let's see - where do you suppose the steward set it up?
Love it.  Which way?
Well, that depends - on whether you're coming or going - I mean, normally the aft is on the other side of the stern - and that's the bridge - so you can get from one side of the boat to the other - how about a glass of champagne?
My dad is more interested in railroads. Baltimore and Ohio.  Which is the port and which is the starboard?
Mother keeps hers in Southampton - and Dad took his to Venezuela - the company is laying a new pipe line.
Three?
Just regulation size.  We have three like this.
It looked so small from the beach - but when you're on it, it's more like a cruiser - or a destroyer.
It's not how long it takes - it's who's taking you.
Do you mind riding backwards? It may take a little longer -
Looks like they're on the wrong track.
I just got this motorboat - it's an experimental model.
It's sort of funny - you being out of gas - I mean, Shell Oil and everything -
I seem to be out of gas.
It's the thought that counts.
I wanted them to fly down some orchids from our greenhouse but all of Long Island is fogged in.
Thank you.  And thank you for the flowers.
It's not how long you wait - it's who you're waiting for.
Been waiting long?
Oh, Josephine - just imagine - me, Sugar Kowalczyk, from Sandusky, Ohio, on a millionaire's yacht.  If my mother could only see me now -
You heard her - yes.
For me?  It's Shell Oil.
Well, you know how those millionaires are.  These came for you.
I guess he's not going to show up - it's give minutes to one - you suppose he forgot?
Because he said he's coming to hear us play - maybe.
I am?
Anyway, you're going to meet him tonight.
Shells?  Whatever for?
Oh, I'm not going to let this one get away. He's so cute - collects shells.
Maybe you'd better go after him - if you don't want to lose him.
Well, he's young and handsome and a bachelor - and he's a real gentleman - not one of these grabbers.
You don't say!
Shell Oil, Junior.  He's got millions - he's got glasses - and he's got a yacht.
One of whom?
They repealed Prohibition?
Guess!
What?
The most wonderful thing happened -
Oh, I didn't hear you come in.
Josephine.
If it's at all possible -
And you will come to hear us tonight?
It's been delightful meeting you both.
Well, I guess I'd better go -
Yes, you're in the way.  He's waiting for a signal from his yacht.
Would you mind moving along, please?
Please - no names.  Just call me Junior.
Shell Oil?
Yes.  So did my father and my grandfather - we've all had this passion for shells - that's why we named the oil company after it.
You collect shells?
It's on the account of the shells. That's my hobby.
Oh?
I only come ashore twice a day - when the tide goes out.
Why?
I'd like to - but it may be rather difficult.
I thought you might like to come to the hotel and hear us play.
Tonight?
Maybe I'll tell you when I know you a little better.  What are you doing tonight?
What theory?
You see, I have this theory about men with glasses.
I beg your pardon?
You're very kind.  I'll bet you're also very gentle - and helpless -
You know, it's amazing we never ran into each other before.  I'm sure I would have remembered anybody as attractive as you.
- and always the same Four Hundred.
- riding to hounds -
- opening of the Opera -
- Inauguration balls -
They do indeed.  Daddy threatened to cut me off without a cent, but I don't care. It was such a bore - coming-out parties, cotillions -
Good school!  And your family doesn't object to your career?
So do I.  as a matter of fact, I spent three years at the Sheboygan Conservatory of Music.
Oh.  Well, I guess some like it hot.  But personally, I prefer classical music.
Yeah.  Real hot.
Syncopators - does that mean you play that fast music - jazz?
Oh, yes.  Quite.  You know - Vassar, Bryn Mawr - we're only doing this for a lark.
You're society girls?
Well - a group of us are appearing at the hotel. Sweet Sue and Her Society Syncopators.
For your own amusement?
No - the ukulele.  And I sing.
Could be.  Do you play the market?
I'll bet just while we were talking, you made like a hundred thousand dollars.
Up, up, up.
How's the stock market?
That's very interesting.
Well, I'm not.
I'm not interested at all.
No, my cocktail steward.  Look, if you're interested in whether I'm married or not -
And who mixes the cocktails - your wife?
No, my flag steward.
I quite agree.  Tell me, who runs up that flat - your wife?
Certainly not.  with all that unrest in the world, I don't think anybody should have a yacht that sleeps more than twelve.
Which one is yours - the big one?
You have a yacht?
They run up a red-and-white flag on the yacht when it's time for cocktails.
Your view of what?
Would you mind moving just a little? You're blocking my view.
That must be it.
Possible you saw it in a newspaper - or magazine - Vanity Fair -
Your face is familiar.
Not at all.
Are you staying at the hotel?
Not very likely.
Haven't I seen you somewhere before?
Now, really -
Who are you?
Thank you.
Well, don't worry.  I won't sue you - no matter who you are.
Because usually, when people find out who I am, they get themselves a wheel chair and a shyster lawyer, and sue me for a quarter of a million dollars.
Why?
I wish you'd make sure.
I don't think so.
You're not hurt, are you?
My fault.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
She doesn't need one.  I don't have one either.
Wait a minute, Daphne.  You haven't got a bathing suit.
Just my feminine intuition.
What makes you so sure?
Forget it, Sugar, will you?  Forget about saxophone players.  You're going to meet a millionaire - a young one.
What else?  And was I ever crazy about him. Two in the morning, he sent me down for knackwurst and potato salad - they were out of potato salad, so I brought coleslaw - so he threw it right in my face.
Saxophone player?
414 - that's the same room number I had in Cincinnati - my last time around with a male band. What a heel he was.
So do I.  But don't worry - we'll be seeing a lot of each other.
I wish they'd put us in the same room.
Seventy-five.  That's three-quarters of a century.  Makes a girl think.
I'll bet there isn't one of them under seventy-five.
Well, there they are - more millionaires than you can shake a stick at.
Good night, Sugar.
Thanks, honey.
Not at all.
Would you mind terribly?
Want to switch berths with me?
Bienstock.  He snores to beat the band. We cut cards to see who sleeps over him, and I always lose.  Wouldn't you know?
Why not?
I might as well stay in there. I won't be able to sleep anyway.
Okay, Sugar - all clear.  You better go back to bed.
Search me.  I mean - I'll see.
What's happened?
I hope this time you wind up with the sweet end of the lollipop.
Happy days.
They get those weak eyes from reading - you know, all those long columns of tiny figures in the Wall Street Journal.
Well, now that you've mentioned it -
Men who wear glasses are so much more gentle and sweet and helpless. Haven't you ever noticed?
Glasses?
I want mine to wear glasses.
Yeah.  With money like Rockefeller, and shoulders like Johnny Weismuller -
Maybe you'll meet one too, Josephine.
You're entitled.
Oh, I don't care how rich he is - as long as he has a yacht and his own private railroad car and his own toothpaste.
Going to catch yourself a rich bird?
Millionaires.  Flocks of them.  They all go south for the winter.  Like birds.
What's in Florida?
About the future.  You know - like a husband?  That's why I'm glad we're going to Florida.
About what?
That's a quarter of a century. Makes a girl think.
You are?
You know I'm going to be twenty-five in June?
I can tell you one thing - it's not going to happen to me again.  Ever. I'm tired of getting the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
Brains aren't everything.
So you pull yourself together and you go on to the next job, and the next saxophone player, and it's the same thing all over again.  See what I mean? - not very bright.
Men!
Then one morning you wake up and the saxophone is gone and the guy is gone, and all that's left behind is a pair of old socks and a tube of toothpaste, all squeezed out.
You don't say?
You don't know what they're like. You fall for them and you love 'em - you think it's going to be the biggest thing since the Graf Zeppelin - and the next thing you know they're borrowing money from you and spending it on other dames and betting on the horses -
Yeah.
That's why I joined this band. Safety first.  Anything to get away from those bums.
Yeah.
But you're a girl, thank goodness.
You know - I play tenor sax.
Every time!
That so?
Especially tenor sax.  I don't know what it is, but they just curdle me.  All they have to do is play eight bars of "Come to Me My Melancholy Baby" - and my spine turns to custard, and I get goose-pimply all over - and I come to them.
Really?
You see, I have this thing about saxophone players.
Bingo?
I can't trust myself.  The moment I'd start with a new band - bingo!
You can't trust those guys.
I'll say.
Rough?
That's what I'm running away from. I worked with six different ones in the last two years.  Oh, brother!
Me?
Have you ever been with a male band?
Afford it?
I used to sing with male bands. But I can't afford it any more.
Then why did you take this job?
No, just dumb.  If I had any brains, I wouldn't be on this crummy train with this crummy girls' band.
I wouldn't say that.  Careless, maybe.
I'm not very bright, I guess.
If Bienstock catches you again - What's the matter with you, anyway?
Better keep a lookout.
Sugar, you're going to get yourself into a lot of trouble.
Put it here.
All the girls drink - but I'm the one that gets caught.  That's the story of my life. I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
We understand.
Don't get me started on that.  Want a drink?  It's bourbon.
Running away?  From what?
I play the ukulele.  And I sing too.
Oh.
On the Baltimore and Ohio.
Where did he conduct?
Yes.  I come from a very musical family. My mother is a piano teacher and my father was a conductor.
If they catch me once more, they'll boot me out of the band.  You the replacement for the bass and the sax?
Tell what?
Show the gentleman to the chapel - pew number three.
Where are they holding the wake? I'm supposed to be one of the pallbearers.
PLEASE!
That's because I've been on the wagon.
I don't believe I've seen you at any of our services before.
I come to the old lady's funeral.
Good evening, sir.
Some people got no respect for the dead.
Who's going to raid a funeral?
Better bring the check now - in case the joint gets raided.
Sorry, sir.  That's reserved for members of the immediate family.
Haven't you got another pew - not so close to the band?  How about that one?
Make is Scotch.  A demitasse. With a little soda on the side.
Scotch coffee, Canadian coffee, sour-mash coffee...
Coffee?
Sorry, sir, we only serve coffee.
Booze.
What'll it be, sir?
You boys know anything about any garage - or any witnesses?
Me and those two witnesses whom your lawyers have been looking for all over Chicago.
You and who else?
Quit kidding.  You did that vulcanizing job on Toothpick Charlie - and we know it.
I sleep with my spats on.
You shave with your spats on?
I cut myself shaving.
Because the day after the shooting you sent in a pair of spats - they had blood on them.
Why?
Ever hear of the DeLuxe French Cleaners on Wabash Avenue?
Clark Street?  Never heard of it.
Where did they play it - in a garage on Clark Street?
That's an opera, you ignoramus.
What's his first name?  And where does he live?
Me?  I was at Rigoletto.
Say, Maestro - where were you at three o'clock on St. Valentine's Day?
Big joke!
I heard you opera-lovers were having a little rally - so I thought I better be around in case anybody decides to sing.
Hello, copper.  What brings you down to Florida?
Well, Spats Colombo - if I were saw one.
These are my lawyers - all Harvard men.
If you want to, you can call your lawyer.
You're wasting the taxpayers' money.
Toothpick Charlie?  Never heard of him.
From who?  Toothpick Charlie, maybe?
We got different information.
Mozarella?  Never heard of him.
Come on, Spats - we know you own this joint.  Mozarella is just fronting for you.
Me?  I'm just a customer here.
Embalming people with coffee - eighty-six proof.
Big joke.  Who's the rap this time?
You'll like it there.  I'll have the prison tailor fit you with a pair of special spats - striped!
I never join nothin'.
A little country club we run for retired bootleggers.  I'm gonna put your name up for membership.
Go where?
Okay, Spats - the services are over. Lets go.
Goodbye, Charlie.
Look, Chief - I better blow now, because if Spats Colombo sees me, it's Goodbye Charlie.
Okay, Charlie.
If you want a ringside table, tell 'em you're one of the pall bearers.
Thanks, Charlie.
I come to Grandma's funeral.  Here's your admission card.
That's very refreshing. Now what's the password?
Spats Colombo.
Refresh my memory.
I already told you.
And who runs it?
Yes, sir.
All right, Charlie - this the joint?
Orders from Little Bonaparte.
What for?
Yeah.  You never know who's going to be next.  Okay, Spats.  Report to the Sergeant- at-Arms.
Well, we all got to go sometime.
We thought you was all broken up about Toothpick Charlie.
Why wouldn't I?
Hi, Spats.  We was laying eight to one you wouldn't show.
No, Spats - no, no, no -  NO!
Too bad, Charlie.  You would have had three eights.  Goodbye, Charlie!
Honest, Spats.  I had nothing to do with it.
So now I got all those coffins on my hands - and I hate to see them go to waste.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, I wouldn't say that.  You were nice enough to recommend my mortuary to some of your friends...
You don't owe me no nothing.
Just dropped in to pay my respects.
What is it, Spats?  What do you want here?
Hello, Charlie.  Long time no see.
