Means you keep me using my head, and that's good!
What do that mean?
Whewwww! You sure keep my mind jumping, boy!
Yes, mam...
And so you did your job, right?
Nothin'...
I can't answer that for you -- but it's no fault of your own that you don't know where your father is now. You tell me what you did that kept you from finding your father.  Come on, tell me...
But where is my daddy!?
But you did all you could, David. Not many little boys could've gone on such a journey as you did.
What do I tell my mama when I get home? I didn't find him and that's what I wanted to do.
Well, you shouldn't worry about him too much, David.
Yes mam...
You think about your father a lot, don't you?
My daddy likes to look into the dark, even when there ain't nothin to see -- it's what you hear he say.
What are you looking at, out there? There's nothing to see.
Not now, David, it's time for bed. You have a long trip ahead of you in the morning...
I been like that myself, when I thought nobody was gonna believe me...  You wanna hear another story?!
You could? How?
He was real scared nobody would believe him -- I could tell, even when he first stood up.
You know, that was a good thing you did for Clarence, in class today. I believed his story, but I was afraid the other children wouldn't...
Oh... . You right, that's all that was worryin' me right then...
Because all you could think of was getting away from the guard.
... So me and Sounder, ran right by the men that was the prisoners, and crawled under the fence! That's when I cut my hand on the glass. It hurt like mad! But I kept runnin', and then I didn't feel no more hurtin' till I stopped runnin'!  Why was that, Miss Johnson?
It was the best thing I ever been to, Miss Johnson!
Well, how did you like the class, David?
I have a mother and her name is Rebecca -- My father's name is Nathan Lee Morgan, and...
Now don't you think it's time you told me all about yourself?
He'll get his place too -- now off with your clothes and into bed.
What about Sounder?
And you're a tired little boy. I'll make up the cot and you must get some sleep.
You're a friendly lady, Miss Johnson.
Why don't you sit and I'll read you something he said.
What he talk 'bout?
Dr. William E. B. Dubois. 
What's his name?
Here's one by a man that's very much alive.
Sure--
Don't you teach in your school 'bout folk who ain't dead?
Colored.
And the other people you told me 'bout, they is all colored folk?
That's where we came from first.
That's where we come from first?
Here it is, right here.
Where is Africa, Miss Johnson?
They lived a long time ago -- before you and I were born.
That's right--
And you say all them people is dead now?
I try...
You got a pretty house, Miss Johnson!
I don't live far from here. You and your dog can come home with me and have yourself a hot meal and then we'll talk about how to get you back home.
Thank you, Miss Johnson.
That does it...
Uh huh...
Did your mother know you were going to see your father?
Me and Sounder went to this prison camp to see my Daddy and the police guard runs us away and I fell on some glass.
It's a good thing your hand did not become infected -- how did you cut it like this?
Sometime, but not like this.
You keep looking around, David. Don't you go to school?
Let me see it...
David Lee Morgan. My dog's name is Sounder.  That feels better.
My name is Camille -- Camille Johnson and I'm the Supervisor of this school. What's your name?
Here, you put your hand under the water and I'll pump for you.
I don't know, he's in a prison camp.
Is he here in Borderdale?
No, mam... I come from way back there. Me and my dog was tryin' to find my daddy and we got lost.
You don't live around here, do you?
I just wanta wash my hand. It's got blood where I hurt it.
Yes mam...
Can you swim?
No, Miss Johnson...
Clarence, would you tell us a story that was not true, after telling us it was?
She was dirty and wet...
How was your sister after you pulled her out of the water?
Me and my little sister, went down to the water hole, last Saturday--
Go on...
Yes, Miss Johnson...
You know that the class is going to challenge your story, don't you, Clarence?
:His mother, with her head thrown back, her eyes aglitter and laughing.
:...FINER SPIRITS BOON AND GUERDON FOR WHAT THEY LOSE ON EARTH BY BEING BLACK.
:His visit with his father at the County Jail house --
:...THE CHANCE TO SOAR IN THE DIM BLUE AIR ABOVE SMOKE IS TO THEIR...
:HE, JOSIE and EARL, running and playing in the field.
:...HEARTS. AND TO THEMSELVES IN THESE DAYS THAT TRY THEIR SOULS...
:The night in the woods with his father and SOUNDER. The shouting and laughter after the baseball game --
:--THE STRANGE ENDINGS OF NATURE THEY HAVE SEEN, MAY GIVE THE WORLD NEW POINTS OF VIEW AND MAKE THEIR LOVING, LIVING, AND DOING PRECIOUS TO ALL HUMAN...
You getting the point, Mrs. Boatwright.
You would do that, wouldn't you?
Don't tell me about what's wrong. You come into my office as a friend and steal city files! I could have you arrested for that -- and if you give out that information to anybody, that's exactly what I'm going to do -- and I'll tell everybody in this town how you got the information and who you got it for! You won't have a friend left in this county to bring you a piece of candy!
Charlie, you have no legal right not to let this boy know where his father is! You hear that, you and this whole damn court house; what you are doing is wrong!
No buts, Rita!
I did look, Charlie, but I--
I see you found what you was lookin' for.
NO! N-O, NO!
But, Charlie --
Now look, Rita, I don't make the rules -- you puttin' yourself on a limb, comin' here, askin' me to do a thing like this. And I be damn if I'm going to jeopardize my job because you are in love with a little colored boy!
Charlie, just because a man and his family are colored, you--
I can't do it, Rita -- that's the policy here on colored prisoners, and I ain't about to change it, not even for a friend like you.
I'm gon' miss this ol' raggedy place.
What's that, son?
You know somethin', Daddy?
Yes, Daddy! Yes!
I love you, son! Don't ever think I don't love you!  We gon' get to be friends?
Now wait justa minute! You don't tell me what you ain't gonna do! I tell you! I say, you goin' to that school, you goin'! You hear me!
I won't go, Daddy! I won't go!
Let me tell you somethin', boy! I don't care if both of my legs was cut off! I can do more work in that field, than you could in a hundred years!
But, Daddy, you need me here to help you in the field -- Daddy, your leg is hurt -- you can't work like you used to. Who's gonna help you!? Who's gonna do the work, Daddy?!
And I wanta be with you, too, but this school is somethin' that's good for you -- somethin you need, like good air to breathe, and I want you to have it, boy, and that's the way it's gonna be!
You just came back home, Daddy. I don't wanna leave right now -- I wanna stay home and be with you.
September 4 -- how far away is that?
Dear David, if you are coming to school here, be sure to bring some warm clothes. The school term will begin September 8th, but it would be good for you to be here by the 4th or 5th of the month. I do hope everything is fine and you will be here. Give my "hello" to your family. Yours truly, Miss Camille Johnson...
Well, ain't you gon' open and read it for us?
From Miss Johnson --
No, no, I'm all right, son... This damn leg just won't act right no more!
You hurt, Daddy!?
No, son -- they'd have to kill me before I'd let 'em do that to me again!
You won't be goin' to jail again, will you, Daddy?
Wheeew! This is some hard work, but it beats goin' to jail.
Thank you, Daddy...
I'm real proud of how you helped your mama to keep this place goin', David Lee.
Soon -- but it won't be too much huntin' you'll be doin','cordin' to a good little story your mama told me last night -- you'll be goin' away from here, won't you?
Daddy, when is we goin' huntin'?
Great, son -- not like wakin' up in jail. For a minute or two, didn't quite know where I was, but when I saw your face lookin down on me, made me know right away the day was gonna be a good one, and it all belonged to me!
You feel alright today, Daddy?
Guess I can't just lay here, then.
They gone to the field...
Where's everybody?
Mornin', Daddy...
Mornin', son...
Come here, son...
Daddy, you home now... that's all I want -- I don't want nothin' else...
Goodnight to you, son...
Goodnight, Daddy...
I cleaned and oiled all your stuff while you was gone...
You bet we is!
We goin' huntin' again, Daddy !?
And me too, son! You shore done got to be such a big little man!
The rains started to come, and the prisoners were scared to run 'cause they had to wait for guards to round us up, and tell us when to move -- but we didn't mind the rain comin' 'cause it meant we would git a little rest -- we just stood there, watchin' the guards and they weapons get wet, and that made us all feel kinda good for a minute. I was laughin' all over inside -- a minute, that's all, but what a minute it was!
What happened afta that?
Into the clouds and behind the mountains.
Where did the sun go to, Daddy?
That musta been afta they sent me to this place call Clayburn. That was the hardest workin' camp they sent me to. The work was so hard, you had to look for somethin' to laugh about to keep from feelin' the whole pain in your body. Like one time, it was in the middle of the day, and there weren't no sun -- you hear that?
Where was you, Daddy?
Son, that was some trip you went on...
Got it hurt in a dynamite blast, son. The dirty dogs had no more use for me, so they let me have time off my sentence, and let me come home.
What's wrong with your leg, Daddy?
Just do like I tell you -- I'll get word to you through the visitin' preacher.
Why, Daddy; you won't be here?
I don't know, son -- they won't tell us things like that -- but I don't want y'all to come here no more.
Can you say what camp they gon' send you to, Daddy?
I think so...
It's a shame they won't let 'em come in here. If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round your mama right now -- is they on this side of us, son?
Naww -- he'll come back to you, soon as his wounds heal. This cake shore is tasty, son.
Do you think he's dead, Daddy?
He'll show up one day.
We didn't find Sounder yet.
They is!? It shore is good to see you, boy!
Mama is outside with Josie Mae and Earl.
Hi to you, son...
Hi, Daddy...
Well, looka here...
Now who says I didn't lay my mark on you, boy!
"You lose some of the time, what you always go afta, but you lose all the time what you don't go afta!"
Yep. I guess you must wonder why though, what with the luck we havin', but like I always say--
We goin' huntin' again tomorrow ?
When the fall comes in these parts, the Night moon runs away like a rabbit -- you could stay out here lookin' all night, and not see a thing out yonder.
Yes, sir...
Readin' must be somethin' powerful, huh, son?
Yes, sir -- I learn to write a little bit, and I can read a lot--
You learnin' anything at that school?
I wanna go -- the trip don't bother me none.
You had a rough time out there tonight -- so you stay home from that school tomorrow.
Yes, sir...
David Lee...
Boy, you don't make funny with your daddy like that.
He beat you, too, Daddy, and you had a big ol' shootin' rifle.
You oughta be tired, too, Sounder. That possum shore whipped the hell outta you tonight!
Yes, sir...
Yeah. We better git back to house now.
It was too dark, Daddy.
If anybody's to blame, it's me -- I oughta nailed him when I took that shot.
Here, put my jacket over you.
It's cold, Daddy!
Looks that way, son. Guess the cold done drove most of 'em down to the big water country -- but if there's one left out here -- we gotta find him.
There ain't no possums in this woods tonight, Daddy.
Never heard of 'im. We gotta lotta men here...
Do you know my daddy, Nathan Lee Morgan?
Sunday...
When's that?
Gotta wait 'til visitin' days.
Mister, can you visit anybody here?
Nathan Lee Morgan...
What's your daddy's name?
Yes, ma'am...?
David!
See you tomorrow, Miss Boatwright.
Will you help me to find out what camp they sent my father to?
Yes, David...
Miss Boatwright --
My father taught me...
David, you never cease to amaze me at how good you are in taking care of my garden.
Thank you, Josie Mae.
Naw, I'm carryin' it!
Why don't you try and git you a new dog?
I guess I'll havta work harder to git him back like he usta be.
Act like one!
I don't look like no possum!
He will... Come on, git down and act like a possum.
Then why don't he holler like he usta?
He eats all right -- his throat ain't scarred.
Sausage and hambones!
What's in there, David!?
Yes, ma'm...
Be good and be smart, little boy.
He can't get up, Mama!
What's wrong, Nathan?
He won't go mad -- he's just lookin' for a cooler spot.
It's when the heat is so bad, dogs go crazy.
It's the heat.
What's wrong with him, David?
But who's gonna help me here with the house and in the field?
She says I can come live with her while school goin' on, and come back home every time there ain't no school.
How can you do that? You don't live anywhere near that school.
She is, Mama...  When the fall comes, she wants me to come to her school.
Miss Johnson must be a real kindly lady.
So when I left, she gave me these books.
Miss Johnson is a teacher, and...
Who's Miss Johnson?
Some books Miss Johnson gave me.
What's that you carryin'?
I guess they musta sent 'im to another camp.
Didn't see 'im, Mama. The other men there say they didn't know Daddy.
Did you find your father?
I cut it on some glass and we got lost, Mama.
Ask your daddy to give you some word about when he'll be comin' home -- and tell 'im we love him.
Yes, mam...
Here's your food -- now you go straight to that place -- if you need to rest, go into a church or railroad station -- but don't go into nobody's house, you hear me?
I got to, Mama. I know Daddy wants to see him.
I wish you wouldn't take the dog with you, David -- he's likely to be a burden to you.
Good night...
Good night, Mama...
Yes, son. You better get back to bed.
Can I go day after tomorrow?
No, I don't and I oughtn't not to after the way you've taken over since they took him away -- and I would like for you to see 'im so you can come back and tell me about 'im.  The field's all planted, so I guess I can spare you for a little while. When do you wanta leave?
Mama, don't I always do what you say -- every time I go to the fields to plant the corn, to Miss Boatwright's and the woods -- you tell me what to do and I do it, and you don't worry.
But you'll be away from home for days -- what will you do when the dark comes, where will you sleep? I can't send you away from here like that!
I can do it, Mama -- you know that. In the Bible stories you read to us, everybody's always goin' on a long journey. Jacob goes into a strange land where his uncle is and he don't even know where he lives, but he finds him. Everybody finds what they supposed to find.
So did I. I figured when the time got right, we could all take a day or two and walk up there, but it's not the kind of long trip for a child to take alone.
No, ma'am...  Mama, I wanted Mrs. Boatwright to find out where Daddy is, so me and Sounder can go see him.
Can't sleep?
Good! But you don't have to tell the whole valley 'bout it! You'll get that woman in trouble!
Mama! Mama! Miss Boatwright, say she gon' help me find where Daddy is!
He'll be all right, Mama. I'll make him all right.
Poor creature...
Listen, Mama...
What is it, David Lee?
I think maybe he was scraped on the head by that shot. I don't think he's dead -- just gone somewhere to heal himself.
No mam -- I looked all over.
Any sign of Sounder?
You sure can, son...
Can I go when the holiday comes?
No, son. We havta wait 'til the holiday comes -- anyway, they won't let womenfolk see their men no time.
Did you see Daddy?
'Bye, son -- I won't be gone long.
'Bye, Mama...
David, come back here!
Don't take my Daddy! Please don't take my Daddy!
Children, come here...
Who is they?
Same as we -- they pray.
What do they do in the white churches, Mama?
Nobody yet -- it's all tied up.
Who's winning, Mama?
When you get outta that school, you come right on back home, y'all gon' have to take this laundry work I done for Miss Boatwright today.
Yes mam...
You got two shirts on?
Tuck that shirt in, David Lee.
Ready to go, Mama!
Where all meat come from -- now git yourself washed up and be snappy about it -- you got six miles ahead of you to that school.
Where did it come from, Mama?
That's right!
Mama, there's hot meat on the stove!
Goodnight.
David Lee, it's time for you to get to bed!
Hi, Mrs. Boatwright...  I'm sorry 'bout the way I acted the other day, Miss Boatwright.
Hello, David...
I'm used to it.
Don't pout now, David, it's a long trip.
I'll walk...
Come, I'll take you home.
I don't know a damn thing, now stop bothering me about it!
But, Miss Boatwright, you--
If I tell you I didn't, David, that's what I mean.
But I saw you -- you looked in there, and you found out, Miss Boatwright.
No, he was wrong, David, I didn't find out.
You know where my father is, don't you, Miss Boatwright?
Don't mention this to anyone! You hear me, David!
Thank you, Miss Boatwright! 
I'll find out where your daddy is for you.
No, thank you -- I gotta go do some work in the field today.
Would you like to have a cool drink, David?
Tell Rebecca I said 'hi', now...
Yes mam... We gotta go, Miss Boatwright.. .
When you read it we'll talk about it...
Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
It's about the Three Musketeers.
Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
This is for your mama's work, and here's something for the three of you.
Come in, children.
We brought your laundry, Miss Boatwright.
Don't belong to you! It's for the little important man, here!
Well, let me have it.
Seems this piece of mail came to Mr. Howard's place this mornin' and he had me to bring it over here.
Whatcha got there?
Any time it's Saturday and I don't hafta do any work, I'm doin' okay!
Hi ya doin' there, Ike?
He said, I don't know, Ike -- you doin' better'n me, I been tryin' to git in there for 200 years and ain't make it yet!
What did the Lord tell you, Ike?
I guess so -- but I went home and did me some praying to the Lord. I said, Lord, I went into this white church down in Row and all I want you to tell me is how I ever got outta there in one piece.
They probly thought you was crazy.
You know, one time by mistake I went into a white church down in Row County and to this day I don't know how'n the devil I got outta that church alive.
And if they saw me pitch the way I did today -- they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth!
If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be richer than the man I sharecrop for.
At the way you ask funny questions, Josie Mae!
Mama, what was we laughin' for?
Might be...
Is he gon' be gone long?
Because he cared so damn much about you and me, child.
Mama, why did they take Daddy away?
Maybe soon--
Mama, when kin me and Earl go to school with David Lee?
Don't take all day at that table, David Lee.
Why don't you pay him a visit, Mr. Howard? He'll tell you all about it.
Somebody told me Nathan was back. How is he?
Tired.
Hi ya, Rebecca...
The season is a long way off, Mr. Howard, and by that time, Nathan oughta be home. If he ain't, believe me -- the children and me -- we will grow the crops. We have to because we owe you all that money -- Mr. Howard.
Dammit, I'm talkin' to you, woman! I gotta farm to think about and I need answers.
I need some nutmeg, flour, eggs, sugar, and...
Whatcha wanta order?
I didn't say nothin' 'bout credit, Mr. Howard.
I hope it ain't a lot,'cause I can't give you no more credit till the croppin' season gits back, that is if Na--
I wanta get some things.
That's one dollar an' twenty cents.
I brought these walnuts to trade.
Rebecca, you jest the one I wanta see.
Don't tell me nothin' 'bout what we owe ol' man Howard! I'll do the owing, and let him worry 'bout the collecting! Come on, David Lee!
But, Nathan--
To the commissary to get this boy some clothes! I'm gon' get everybody somethin'!
Where you goin'!?
It's lunchtime, and I wanna have a talk with you, Nathan Lee. Come on, children...
I just got out here!
I see, all right -- It's time for us to get out of this field.
There, you see?
Yeah, just stay where you is...
Is there something I can do to help you?
This done happen before. It ain't nothin' -- I just have to wait a minute or two.
Yeah. I feel real up to it right now. Come on, David Lee, you and me'll do the loading.
You sure you feel up to it, Nathan?
Well, let's get to work!
Did you tell 'im I was too busy for that kinda stuff?
To invite you to his house -- the two of you could just sit under the shade tree, drink ice cold whiskey, and just shoot the breeze!
What did he want?
Well, let's get to it, Miss Rebecca,'cause I been waitin' too long a time for your good cookin'!
The most important thing is that you're home!  We was gonna have cold eatin' tonight, 'cause of the heat, but now, I'm goin' to cook!
Ike, you could make a song outta that!
If there ever was a devil in this county, Ike, you is it!
Hope it don't freeze out our baseball game today!
Little chilly.
How's the weather out there?
I'll wait till after the children.
You ready to eat?
Mornin'...
Good mornin', Nathan.
What we make it to? The next season to work ourselves to death, share croppin' for ol' man Howard, so he can get richer and we can't even eat when the croppin' time is done?
We been through these off-seasons before -- we made it.
The boy is hungry, Rebecca.
The boy done went into my walnuts! I skin my fingers to the bone to pick two pounds that's worth almost nothing at the commissary and he done took almost half of what I pick!
I shore could, Miss Rebecca.
I bet you could use a hot cup of coffee, Nathan Lee.
And don't wake up Josie Mae and Earl!
Night, son!
Is that a blessing, Reverend?
It's not that simple, Sister Rebecca -- the Lord works in mysterious ways -- we come into this life with nothin' and we'll leave it with nothing.
Yeah, he'll crawl into my bed tonight, lie close to my body and keep me warm -- and rectify the evil in the men who live over us in this valley.
I hope you don't take to bitterness, Sister Morgan. I tell you like I tell all the women in this church who got the same trouble you got. No matter what the trial or what the misery is, I tell 'em to stay with God.
It's a shame, Reverend. It's a damn shame.
No, I ain't got no word yet, Rebecca. I went to the courthouse yesterday to see 'bout it, but they just won't tell me nothin' about what labor camp Nathan was sent to. I'm sorry, Rebecca.
You gotta low-life job, mister sheriff!
Shore thing -- next week sometime, and as soon as I git the day, I'll ride out and let you know 'bout it.
Will they give him a trial?
I'd like to help you, Rebecca. But all that would do, is git us both in trouble.
I got to see my husband, Sheriff Young!
That's the way they do things here in Landsdown. I just follow orders.
You mean to tell me I can't see my own husband?
It's the rules and I gotta follow 'em. No visitin' 'cept holidays and Sunday -- and no womenfolk anytime.
I don't understand that, Sheriff Young.
I wish I could, Rebecca, but I can't let you.
I wanta see Nathan.
Howya do, Rebecca. I sorta been expectin' you this mornin'.
