They're not going to make it!
Jesus, come on!
Anna...
Anna...
Oh Sara...
Oh yeah...
Oh yeah...
Oh Warren...oh Warren...take me, God take me...
Well get used to it, 'cause here we are, on the cruise of a lifetime.
I never though I'd be stuck in a wine closet with Warren Wayne.
Well isn't that great.  Something to write home about.
I think we're moving.
Yeah, well...I forgot my morphine back in the room.
Getting drunk is no solution.
I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
Will you two please stop it!  I don't want to spend my final hours listening to you bitch!
He's shutting off the air!!!
Oh my God, what is he doing?
Very professional of you.
No, I think hygiene is important. It helps you get into the part.
I'm sure I will.
Well, it was nice meeting you. Enjoy the rest of the trip.
It certainly is.
Well, so we are.  Sure is beautiful, huh?
Well I guess we're neighbors for this trip.
So...
Of course, of course...
Well a little business too.  In my upcoming project Star Trackers I play a ship's captain, and I really wanted to get a feel for the outer space experience.  I feel it will add more credibility to my performance.
So, what brings you out here?  Pleasure cruise?
Well I appreciate that.
Magnificent, magnificent.
Oh, thank you.
My grandfather.  My God, I can't tell you what a fan I am of yours! You were magnificent in Deadly Gamble.
Koros, as in...Koros?  Dimitri Koros?
Anna Koros. She sensually extends her hand, Warren shakes it -
Uh, yes I am.  And you are?
You're Warren Wayne.
Excuse me?
It can't be.
Evening.
And I intend to correct that at once. I'll tell you something Mac...
There is a high level...of passenger 					dissatisfaction.
I hear you Mac and I appreciate it. Frankly I don't know what I'd have done without you on this one.
I am here to provide service to... to all our guests.  There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this.
My...wings...
Mac, you really earned your wings this flight.
The device has stopped responding.
On channel 10?
Well you did the right thing Mac.
I am here to provide service to... to all our guests.  There is a high level of passenger dissatisfaction. It is my duty...to report this.
Were you going to give it to them?
They are awaiting further information.
And what are they doing now, Mac?
I did nothing to the monitors.
You didn't do anything to the monitors, did you Mac?
Yes he did.  Yes he did. Barnes looks at the monitor - Taylor and the others are still in the dining room -
Oh he did, did he?
I was there.  Officer Taylor accessed my CPU directly to open the airlock doors.  They are not functioning properly.
Weren't you down in the dining room?
Hello second mate Barnes. I was instructed to come to the bridge.
Where the hell did you come from?
Well shut it off at once!
All too well, captain.
Look answer my question!
It's a little late for you to be up.
What did you say to me?
Ain't it the truth. Must be good to be rich.
Well, I guess she figures she's paying for it.
Why should she, it's her fault. All guests are told not to eat in zero gravity, but she just wanted to have fun I guess, didn't realize what a grain of salt can do to sophisticated machinery.
Good help is hard to find...
Idiot...
Look you said it doesn't matter to you anyway!  Why do you want to kill more innocent people!  Why!
I told you not to try anything smart!  I guess you're too much of a maverick to follow a simple order!  And that's just too bad for all of you now, isn't it?
Look we gave you what you asked for.  It checks out didn't it?! What more do you want from us!
Sure you do.  Sending Mac out on a little recon work.  How pathetic.  Problem is it seems Mac blew a few fuses.  Or maybe he's just a little drunk. Were you partying with a robot Taylor?
I don't know what you're talking about!
Taylor, you surprise me.
Mac, can you hear me?  Come in?
Will you transmit the distress signal?
That was a joke Taylor, lighten up!  Why don't you just hold them up to the lens.  I'll write them down, and once I'm through verifying them, I'll get back to you.
Well, preferably in tens and twenties...
We have the codes here.  How do you want to receive them?
Uh, that's an affirmative, Roger Wilco.  Please proceed.
Who said I'll re-enter in the pod? I got friends out in space, Ryan, friends willing to get me back unnoticed.  Thank God for deregulation huh?
It's still not going to work! They'll detect you upon re-entry in an emergency vessel!
I'd advise you to shut up and let me finish Taylor.  You needn't worry about the lifepods because they're all gone, jettisoned. Save for one.
Then we've got to get to the lifepods!
Ok, I will.  The bad news is the ship is history.  Life support will last another 36 hours, maybe.
You better start making sense!
Now do you want the good news first or the bad news?
Yes I can transmit the code 3 emergency!  I just don't think it's a prudent move at this juncture.
What are you talking about! Can you transmit the code 3 -
Much as I'd like to help you and our valued guests, I'm afraid I can't.
Transmit the code 3 emergency and take us offline.  Override the airlock sensors and hurry!  We're running out of time, we have to get to the pods!
The bridge is fine, Taylor, how are things down there?
What is the condition of the bridge?
Why yes Ryan, I am, and thanks for asking.  You don't have to talk to the intercom, I can hear you fine.
Barnes, can you hear me, are you all right?
That's very professional sounding of you, Taylor.
If anyone can hear me please respond!
Yeah yeah yeah, give me a minute here.
Bridge!  Can anyone hear me?!
I can hardly wait.
Well, maybe I'll surprise you.
No.  I'm all set.  Thanks.
Well, maybe I will.  You sure you don't want anything?
I think I can handle it.
Uh...
What, and leave you here all by your lonesome?
Nah, I already ate.  Why don't you just go down there?
Man, I'm hungry.  I'm going to call the steward, you want anything?.
Thank you.
That's very pragmatic of you, Barnes.
You gotta think of your old age.
It's steady, good benefits.
You want to go back to shuttle work?
Well that hotel begins construction in January, there's going to be a lot of shuttle work.
Why, didn't they say?
I don't know.  Everything's up in the air at this point, no pun intended.
So, are you on for the next one?
Ain't it the truth. The two say nothing for a beat -
Well, everything's running smoother than a baby's ass.
All right, I'll give it a shot.
Trust me.  Even checked 'em with my own eyes.
You're certain of that?
Why don't you reset and run it again.  The pods check out ok.
Yes I'm sure I hit the right commands.
There must be some mistake. You sure you hit the right commands?
It's telling me fail mode confirmed.  Did you see this?
Well it's a good thing that I did.
No, I just ran it!  Why are you running it again?
Sounds like you've been talking to Mac too much.
Well I guess there's no time like the present.  I'll go run a check on that room, just to show we go that extra mile for our guests.
Over and out!
Sheesh!  Aye aye cap'n!
Good.  Now you'll hear from me when I have the new coordinates. In the meantime don't bug me.
That's clear.
Is that clear?
This is a major screw up on your part, goddamn it!
Now I got enough air and supplies to make another complete orbit in the pod!  You're just gonna have to pick me up later.
Let's get something straight, Chappy!
Goddamn it Barnes this really steams my onions!
I told you, I had to teach a few people a lesson!
Well if you knew it then why did set your thrusters on before making the calculation?
Don't worry about me, I'm changing coordinates now.  I've come to far to be tripped up by some Dudley do-right... motherfuckers!
Well blaze your ass out of there! You've completely altered your trajectory, are we linking up or not?!
This ship is going down in a blaze of glory!
The others decided to get cute with me, so I'm teaching them a lesson!
You're not helping my heart condition any, Barnes!  Now just what the hell are you dragging your ass for?
Damage control!  What kind of damage? What's going on Barnes!
Cool your jets...I'm doing a little damage control.
So, what are we waiting for?
I know, I know.
It's time we lock coordinates.
10-4 good buddy.
Oh you'll get it, believe me.  So I'll see you in a few.
Well that's your call.  Doesn't make a damn bit of difference to me.  Just as long as I get my cut.
I don't know.  I really haven't made up my mind yet.  We'll see how nicely they behave.
Will do.  What about the distress signal?
Yeah, I know Bill, I came up with the plan remember?  Just have those hangar doors open and ready, I can take it from there.
Well don't drag your ass.  There won't be much of a window for us to link up.  We'll be in your orbit trajectory in less than two hours.
Seems like they're cooperating. Hopefully I'll be out of here and on my way very soon.
Break it down to me, what's going on?
That's me.
Barnes?
Just don't move around too much.
It's getting hard to breathe...
Will you shut up already?
We're going to die.
Don't say that!  It ain't over till it's over!
What's the use...we're gonna die...
I don't have a problem with it. Besides, you get to meet a lot of interesting people.
Well, more power to you.  Me, I start to bug out after too much time out here.
Not me.  I'm in for the long haul. In nine months I'll have enough to take a few years off.
Well...I don't mind.  I can put up with it.  I'm taking six months off after this, and I won't have to deal with people snapping their fingers at me.
Like that piece of ass he was with.
No.  But it buys a lot of other things.
Yeah, I guess money don't buy class.
Look at this...Jesus.
I don't know.  Wave to them!
What is it?!
Try not to think about it.
Right now it's about 8 o'clock at home.  People are going to work, kids are going to school...
Good.  In that case, I pronounce us man and wife.
In that case, I accept.
It would matter to us.
I would, but no one can perform the ceremony.  I guess it doesn't matter.
That's right.  Will you marry me?
Marry you?
Will you marry me?
Except write our wills.
It did.  It is.  There's nothing we can do about that.
I never thought this would happen.  No premonitions, nothing.
And so far.
So close...
We don't have time.  I'll explain later, hurry!
What do you mean?  What happened!
We have room!  Let's go!
What the hell are you doing?
Over and out.
Sooner than later.
Hopefully sooner than later.
Thanks for everything, Taylor. Will I see you again?
I'm staying with the ship.  I'll be all right.  Now hurry.
So what's going to happen to you?
I'll do my best.
Uh, it's ok, everything's going to be ok...now I'm counting on you, and whatever you do keep calm, we don't want them to panic.
How does the distress signal look?
Hurry.  You have to get them out of there!
I'm about to blow the wall.
He's out of the equation.  Talk to me.
Barnes?
I'm in the bridge.
Taylor!  Where are you?
Dawn.  Come in.
You too.
I will once I get past the bulkhead.  Good luck.
I can't!
But you can't be sure!  It's suicide.  You have to come with us!
Don't worry about me.  There's still a chance I can issue a distress signal.
But how are you going to escape?
I'm going to try and buy you some time.  I can get to the bridge from here.
And what are you going to do?!
There's only room on that pod for seven.  That's you and the others.  I'm counting on you to get them out of there.
What?  What are you talking about?
I'm not going with you.
Why?  Where are you going?
A little dab'll do ya. Now you know how to get there, right?
No...
A flare?  A flare won't do it.
Take this flare.
That's why we need a safe passage. remember what you said earlier, about getting through the wall? That might just be our ticket.
We don't have enough suits to get the others out.
A schematic of the ship.  Looking for a lifeline to the pods.
What's that?
The room is filled with poison gas.  The hydraulic system must have blown.
Oh my God.  What happened?
It was no time to lose my partner. We're going to have to hurry, he's on to us.
I guess I owe you a debt of gratitude.  You saved my life.
Helllp!
Dawn!  Dawn!
Words to live by.
Don't worry about what will happen, just concentrate on what is happening.  You'll live longer.
Sure.
Do you want some advice?
Yeah, but you didn't answer my question.
Well, Dawn, I'm an optimist by nature.
What do you think's going to happen to us?
Yeah?
Taylor?
One of Barnes' duds, luckily for us.  Take this out of the equation right now...
Explosive?
Don't worry about me.  Where are we going?
Be careful, you don't want to puncture the suit.
At this point I'm ready for anything.
You're ready for the real thing?
So we did.
Yeah.  We did it.
Ready as I'll ever be.
Are you ready?
I understand.
I don't know what we're facing.
Simulated space walking.
Look I know what I'm doing. I have experience and training in space walking.
I can't let you do that.
Wait.
Everyone just stay put.
Even if we do, it might be too late.
If I could get to the bridge I could send the distress signal.
Yeah, let's hope he can find a way through.
It must be oxygenated if we can hear him.
Close every door behind you!
He certainly is polite.
You're right.
We could send Mac.  If he can retrieve one suit, we could go back for the other.
Suppose you didn't have to hold your breath?
And suppose you couldn't hold out?
I don't know the condition of the compartments.  Depending on damage, debris...could be a fatal mistake.
Why can't we?
Damn it.  If only we could get to those suits... Dawn then thinks of something -
Great.
Sure. It complies with all standard construction codes.
Seen one like it before?
OK...it's open.
With what?  How am I going to interface with it?  I need to be able to talk to the system and to have the system talk to me.
Can't we access the mainframe to check the ship's condition?
It depends on the condition of the ship.  If I could get to one of the suit compartments I could check the exterior air locks for a possible entry.
Supposing we could get out of this room?  Is there anything we could do to reach the bridge?
Just considering our options... sir.
I don't think you know what you're talking about.  Besides, what could we use for tools?  A steak knife?  A corkscrew?
Well maybe we can do something like that.
Probably come through the wall I suppose.
Given a malfunction, how would a rescue team get you out if the doors won't open?
Fat chance of that.  Even if we had C4 and a laser torch these doors wouldn't budge.  That son of a bitch...that stupid son of a bitch.
Well maybe there's a way out of here.
We don't.
I don't know.
What are we going to do?
Still, I hope I behave on the moon.  I'll stick close to you.
Really?
Actually I've logged about 200 hours of simulated space walking at the institute, mostly related to starship construction.
I'm sure you'll be all right.
Well I hope I don't do anything careless.
Well I don't think there's a chance of that happening.  It's usually the moon walks.  Sometimes you feel like a kindergarten teacher.
Like open an airlock by mistake?
Well, let me put it this way.  Most of the cost is due to safety reasons. Most people are not familiar with space travel, so we have to take extra precautions in the event they do something careless.
Well, plus the money ain't that bad. DAWN So, tell me, do you think everyone gets their million dollars' worth on this trip of a lifetime?
So you were looking for a new challenge.
This is my second commercial flight.  I used to run satellite freighters but that got old fast.
Yes.  Theoretical discoveries aside, there's nothing like the real thing. How about you?
Ryan Taylor, first mate.  Welcome aboard.  First time in space?
That's right.
Oh right, right you're on that research grant.
That is one of my priorities.
Yes Mac, but the guests are requesting it.  It will reduce the level of negative feedback.
Well if you need anything, please feel free to ask me.  Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available 24 hours in the earthrise room, and a large selection of vintage wines here in our ship bar.
So I've been told.
Well, there's no better to way to see the world, than with us.
No, just enjoying the view.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank you.
Congratulations on your...recent award.
I'm fine.
Are you nuts!  It's too risky!
I'm going back for Taylor!
He's in the bathroom.
Carlo!
He's up on the bridge!  He's going to be OK.  Now who's missing?
Where's Taylor?
There's no time to explain.  Get everyone together!  We found a way to the pods!
What is happening around here!!!
How can you sit there with your fat stomach and tell me to take it easy!  I want to go home!  I want to be warm!  I want to get out of here!
Baby, take it easy.
It's getting too cold in here.  I can't stand this anymore!
Talk to him...Jesus...
You're Delbert Miles!  You have more clout than some whacked out pilot!  Talk to him!
How am I supposed to know?
Well now what are we gonna do!
Send it back if you don't want it.
Oh no...I think there's carrots in here...
Besides I can't wait to tee off on the sea of tranquillity. That should shore up that prick Hank Drexler.
I guess so.
Look around you baby, we're rubbing elbows with royalty, oil sheiks, this is class.  You'll be envied by everyone.
Look you were the one who wanted to do something different, something to tell all your friends.  Any chump can go to Nassau.
How is it going to be different from this?  Go see some boring footprint under glass?
Ah hell we can always do that. Listen believe me, once we get to the moon, your tone is going to change.
We should have gone to Nassau. At least we could go swimming, lie on the beach.
Homesick?  It's only been two days!
I'm homesick.
The engines!
What the hell is that?
What makes you so sure?
Because, Taylor wouldn't do that, that's why.
I tell you, something's not right here.  How do we know they're not going to use the pod for themselves?
What are you going to do about it?
Again with the orders from you! You got a Napoleon complex chief, and I'm getting sick of it!
I'll tell you what you're gonna do.  You're gonna stay put like Taylor said.
I haven't quite made up my mind yet.
Who are you calling a pig, rummy?
You're gonna give him those bank codes, you know why?  Because I'm telling you to, that's why.  I'm not losing my life over some greedy pig.
Well what would you know about it? You don't have anything to lose.
Look.  We're talking about life and death here.  I don't know why we're even having this conversation.
That's affirmative.
Is it safe for human transport?
I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector.
How is it looking, Mac?
Certainly.  Anything I can do to be of service.
Ok Mac...  I'll talk to you on this. I want to find a way to get to the bridge, then I want you to come back.
I'm sorry.  The suit compartments are in a non-oxygenated, zero gravity atmosphere.  I'm afraid that's off limits to all passengers.
Mac, what about the suit compartments on this level?  Can they be accessed?
Yes.  You can enjoy some wonderful views from there.
But the corridor outside this door is open, correct?
One moment please...  one moment please...
Now Mac, can you tell me the status of this deck?
I know but we're in a bind.
Alteration of my central processing unit should be done only by an authorized service dealer.
Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something.
That will not be necessary.  You can simply speak to me.  I understand most languages fluently.
I need you to actually do something for me.  I need to access your CPU, directly.
Right, I understand that...
Certainly.  I have a full working knowledge of the ships operations.
Yes I know all that.  Mac, I need you to help us out with a little technical problem.
Certainly.  If you need anything, please feel free to ask me.  Just a reminder we have fabulous cuisine available --
Mac, I have a favor to ask you. Mac looks at Taylor -
Mac.  What's shaking?
Officer Taylor, how are you this evening?
