Just like Junior did the last time; lane six. All's I know is it's gonna be a closed coffin. My advice to you is to lay low. He puts on a pair of dark 7-Eleven shades, flips up his collar and skulks away.
The pin machine?
Did you hear about that bowler who got smeared? I saw them pull a body bag out of the alley. I heard he was kacked but good. They had to take apart the pin machine to get him out.
Maybe I should have left the ball in the car.
My father used to say to me "Never..." no, hmmm. "Always..." No, no...  Ah! Love and hate are blood relations.
Yeah, but it didn't go so good. He wasn't the man I thought he'd be. Theo is trying to affix the lid on his cup, but his hands are trembling, spilling some of the coffee.
Find your bowler?
99 years, 241 days,  15 hours, and 20 minutes of no bowling. Alfie shuffles up to the self-serve island and begins wiping it down.
A bowler.
What kind of man?
I'm looking for a man.
I'm from Akron.
You're not from around here, are you?
I'm an addict. I can't go through a day without the stuff. Theo reaches over and pours for him with a steady hand.
No. I'm from Akron.
Orange who? Not from 'round here, are ya?
You have orange whips?
Can I get you something for the road?
Paradise, huh? Might be one of the new putt-putts off route 99. Theo turns to leave.
Nope.
You a mini-golfer?
It's splitsville for you.
You tried to make it look like Junior trashed his place. Junior's underground in that coffin you dicks put him in.
After we ID, we bury the body. Case and casket closed.
I should've pegged you guys for bowling dicks from day one.
Sorry about your loss.
You said it would be unethical to help me. You call dwarf bowling ethical!
Heh, heh, heh.
He's my dad.
Hey, cut it out Sid, that tickles. I'm serious! You guys are related, right?
Look Sid, a Buzz Burger. The Faz's favorite lunch. Sid reaches for the plate. Buzz walks over to the booth  and pulls his burger away from Sid.
I don't know no Buzz Fazeli.
It belonged to my dad.
Haven't seen a ball like that since '69.
Whoa, cool your maples. Over the bridge, past the Peter Pan, last house on the dead end. Theo releases Sid's hand. Sid drops to his knees and cradles his damaged hand.
Where can I find Buzz Fazeli?
See ya 'round Faz.
Nectar of the bowling gods, Faz.
The Faz sure took care a her.  Breeze makes a nasal GRUNT as he tries to suppress a snigger. Sid - trying to keep a straight face - elbows him. Sid and Breeze approach the coffin. Breeze pulls an orange whip out of a paper bag and carefully places it on the coffin lid.
I'd buy it!
Think he bought it?
Only problem is, you didn't put his lights out, you just got him mad. Then he took it out on poor Faz, God rest his soul. Theo patches out.
She told us you went after Junior to save your old man's hide. You got some balls goin' after that psycho.
Kastle's daughter's been lookin' for you.
Did you know you were parked in the handicap space?
Nothing going on here, everybody stand back. Let him through, ladies. Ladies, please. As they start to move through the female throng, a little girl pops out in front of them, holding her ball.
Bowling police, step back, give him room.
Is it true they blacked out the whole county giving you electro-shock? Junior looks from one man to the other, breathing heavily, his nostrils flaring.
Hello Mr. Kastle.  Junior, long time. I thought they locked you up and threw away the warden!
Wait! That's an aria!
How do you turn this thing off?
Right, eating at the core, eating it's way out. It makes me sick!
- canker sore.
But not no more. Now people take advantage. Bowling ain't what it used to be. There's something evil spreading in this sport - like a big, gigantic, puss- ridden -
Sure, Sid.
gambling. And it was a safe place for kids, a place where the whole community could meet for some wholesome, clean fun.
Bowling was the most incorruptible sport. No megalomillionaires, no 
No kiddin'.
You know, Elvis bowled.
It was a clearance.
You got an 8-track tape player on purpose, just 'cause you knew the only thing they had on 8-track was fuckin' opera.
You listen to the feelings, not the words.
How do you know, you don't even speak Latin?
How could you hate opera, Sid? Opera has all the drama and excitement of real life - to music!
I hate fuckin' opera.
La da da dalala...
Bowling used to be so pure, so...All- American. Breeze sings along with Caruso and pretends to conduct.
So Buzz, let's skedaddle. Mr. Kastle is waiting. As Buzz gets up, Theo rises and steps between his father and the two sleazeballs.
Your pop said to put these on his tab. Sid gets up and jerks his thumb towards the door.
Pinhead! Don't just blurt it right out.
I remember, Sid! Mr. Kastle says he don't like no sticky fingers in the till.
Look, Faz, Mr. Kastle was not his usual charismatic self today when he told us to tell you...  What was that he said...?
Are you guys bruddas?
Buzz, Mr. Kastle wants to talk to you.
We're looking for Buzz Fazeli, seen him?
Hey, you still here?
When you get a chance.
Three whips. To go.
You afraid we're gonna steal it?
Ah, come on, lemme see your ball.
Lemme see your ball.
Yeah, basement bingo.
What do you want with old man Faz?
Fazeli...I don't know no Buzz Fazeli.
No, pinhead, he ain't here to bowl.
Hey, ain't I seen you on the tour?
Oh, a professional man. What'll you have?
Theo's bowled on the tour.
You look like you're something on the lanes.
Sheila, meet...uh...  I forget the name.
Buzz Burger, side of 'cues. You haven't introduced me to your fan.
Some people will do anything for an autograph. Theo enters the diner and walks over to Buzz.
You don't need coffee, Mr. Fazeli; you need a vacation. Sheila catches sight of Theo pulling into the parking lot. She puts a Ken head earring in her right ear. Buzz follows Sheila's gaze.
Yeah, and make it extra muddy, I didn't sleep a zee last night. Sheila fills a cup. Buzz lifts it to his mouth, his hands trembling.
Wish me luck.
I'm sure you have Buzz.
Miles, I've always been on the square with you.
Simple math, Buzz.  Two plus two does not equal three.
And look at that; both partners go down together. Kastle shoves the sculpture onto the floor, stands up, and crushes it under his heel. He goes over and puts his arm around Buzz.
A beautiful thing. And you know why Buzz? You know what we got? Buzz raises an eyebrow as he buttons his shirt.
It's a beautiful thing.
brainstorm, Buzz. I admit, I thought it was a rotten idea, but I put up the scratch.  And now we got a beautiful thing.
This scam we got going here was your 
Seven years.
We've been partners a long time now, haven't we Buzz?
What's on your mind, Miles?
See ya 'round Maynard.
You give Ed Klein of the American Bowling Congress a call.  Tell him your Maynard's boy. He's expecting you, and he owes me. He'll getcha back in like Flynn.  Don't say I never gave you nothing.
I didn't mean that stuff I said. I was trying to keep you out of this muddle. I'm glad I didn't have my tubes tied. Oh, and by the way, I made a call for you before I - uh - retired. Buzz takes his card and scrawl on the back with a gold pen.
Listen, if straight doesn't work out, you come work for me.  Just make sure nobody's following you. Buzz's face is eerily lit by the glow of the sunset, his halo bouncing in the breeze.
I'm goin' straight. No more short cuts. Theo gets into the car. Buzz leans in the open window.
Thanks, kid.  Where are you goin' now?
I never saw you.
So, eh, you never saw me. Right?
You're a scumbag.
Bowling died for me years ago. Besides, I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero.
What about bowling?
I told you to get lost. You forced yourself into this mess, so the mess accommodated you. Buzz straightens out and carefully remolds the bent out of shape halo.
It could just as easily have been me in that box.
I am underground.
The whole world thinks you're underground.
He says that to all his wives.
We ain't married no more.
I couldn't care less.
Look, kid, gimme a break. I'm an old man.  I'm runnin' on a Delrin aorta. I'm finished - dead from my ankles up.
I was beaten on a shot named after my own dad. The moment passes. Theo turns and climbs into his car. He looks up at Buzz.
You never even took the shot. You couldn't do it. Theo moves towards Buzz in a threatening manner.
That's right, Buzz, and you know when I did it? Last match, last frame. All I needed was one spare for the crown - and I get stuck with the seven-ten, the Fazeli Split.
Not for somebody who hit a man with his ball on national television.
I didn't think so.
No...
You got a better offer?
He'll be a barnacle on your ass the rest of your life.
I gotta survive.
Did that porcupine say he'd get you back on the tour?
I'm getting to like it here.
Theo, I want you to get out of this town.
You're dead without the pro-tour, and you know it. Get him away from me. Sid and Breeze punch Theo in the face.
I don't need the stinking pro-tour.
That's a laugh. You're all strung out. You're a bowling junkie.
Fuck you and fuck bowling.
I had a career. She wanted a little bowler of her own. Sid and Breeze leap into the fray, prying the two men apart. They wrestle Theo against a wall, pressing his face into the tiles.
Don't say that about my mom!
What makes you so sure it was me? She coulda had lotsa bowlers! Theo rushes Buzz and grabs his arm. The two men struggle for the pin.
You wish!
I'm your blood.
I'm more of a bowler than you'll ever be. I deal with my own shit. I ain't asking anyone to bail me out.
You have no right to call yourself a bowler. Buzz slaps Theo in the face.
I do what I gotta do to survive.
It looks like dwarf bowling.
What's it look like to you?
What the fuck is this?
Maybe I could bowl in Japan.
If the Japanese are pansies, then pansies are my kind of people. Sheila steps over to the booth with their food. The Buzz Burger has three holes cut in the middle to make it look like a bowling ball. Buzz sees the two sleazeballs park their car and walk towards the diner.
Not for me. Miniature golf's for pansies.
It's gonna be bigger than big. Think Europe. Think Asia. They don't have room for real golf courses in Japan.
The small ball.
It's the next level, the next dimension...  ...the small ball.
Putt-putt golf?
kissed a lotta tadpoles.  Listen, I been thinking about your problem. I'm not the guy to sponsor you. It would be unethical. But, there is something I could do for you.  Putt-putt golf.
Watch out for that one. She's got a great average, but she's looking for a prince. And, believe me, she's 
Theo! This is Sheila Kastle, my partner's daughter.
Theo.
I couldn't pay someone enough to try to kill me. Sheila comes over to take their orders.
She thinks someone's trying to kill you.
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.
What are you doing over at the lanes that's so dangerous, Buzz?
You know what a mixer ball is? It's like you, you come out of nowhere and upset things, scattering everything all over. Buzz grumpily waves at him to sit.
Millie left to stay with her sister in Ronkonkoma.
I ain't nobody's father!
I got a right. You're my father.
You're a bullshit artist, that's what you are. You got no right to be here! Theo yanks the trophy away from Buzz.
You knew her. You married her in 1963.
I don't know no Grace Skinner.
I'm your son. You're a hard father to find.
Who are you? Who sent you here?
She's my mom.
Grace Skinner. Who's Grace Skinner to you?
Grace Skinner.
Who gave it to you?
It's mine.
Where'd you get this ball?
Thanks.
Orange whip, nectar of the bowling gods. Thanks sweetie. Millie turns the tray so that Buzz takes the untainted whip.  Theo takes the other glass.
My mom was there. She told me about it. The 'Fazeli Split.'
That game was before you was born.
Ten thousand to one, but you pegged it. The toughest shot on the last frame.
Yeah, against that prick VanDeMark.
Remember the finals in Akron in '59? You had a seven-ten split in the final frame.
I've never had orange whips, I'm from Akron.
Sure, around here, any fat old bald guy could be king. I'm nothing. It wouldn't do any good for me to talk to the Congress.  Hey, you thirsty? You like orange whips?
I need a sponsor to get my sanction card back. Where I come from, you're the king.
What do you think I can do?
I can appeal in five. I was hoping you could help me Mr. Fazeli.
100 years! 
They suspended me for 100 years.
I got suspended when I was young, too. I was pretty cocky in my day.
Don't worry about the Congress, they're just a bunch of moralistic busy-bodies.
Well, Mr. Fazeli, the Bowling Congress says I'm a thorn in their side.
Need some advice, huh.
I'm not on the tour this year.
I know your face, you're an up-and-comer. You bowl on the tour.
Theo.
Buzz Fazeli.
You see what you did?  Take your ball and get out.
My poor baby!
Millie, please.  I don't have a son. I think you better leave now young man. Buzz gestures towards the front door.
Son?
We should leave this town. I can't take this anymore. I'm not gonna let him kill you in my house.
Millie, I know what I'm doing.
You're in trouble, aren't you Buzz? You're doing something dangerous in that alley.
Bowlers don't go around killing other bowlers. He's only a fan, Millie. I'll give him some tips and an autograph and he's outta here.
I looked in his car. He's got pictures of you, clippings, maps.
He's not the guy, Millie. Just whip the whips.
He's the guy Buzz.
Clam it!
Oh sure. Let everyone in. From now on I leave the door wide open. Let the parade begin!
I gotta go. Love ya mom.
You sure you're OK Teddy? You're not bowling are you?
Mom, you know I had to do it. I just did it a little too late.
He's dead, isn't he.  Buzz Fazeli might just as well have died before you were born.
I found dad.
Theodore? Where are you? Are you alright?
Hello, mom?
Hello?
I'll tell you one thing, you won't see me around that alley with that freak on the loose. Stay away from his ass - and don't play any of his fuckin' knock-knock jokes.
Uh...over easy.
I was doing the lambada with her and the guy freaks, he breaks my arm, tries to kill me. I swear man, the guy thought I was a piata. If nobody else hadn't a been there, he wouldn't have stopped. He woulda killed me. Fuckin' guy man, just snapped. How do you like your burger?
How's that?
Hey man, welcome to our parking lot. Lemme give you some advice, if she asks you to dance, make sure her brother's not around. Somebody blew out Junior's pilot light, if you get my meaning.
Theo. Howzitgoin.
Cool!
Don't tell me, John.
I don't want to play.
You played bouncy-bouncy with Sheila, so I'm gonna play Blue-Face with you. 
What did you do to Buzz?
He told me to play Blue-Face with Buzz. I like games.
What did your dad tell you to do to Buzz? Theo scrambles up the lane on hands and knees. Junior catches him, grabbing his ankles.
Nobody touches her. Except me. I touch her. Sheila told me you played bouncy- bouncy with her.
No, Junior, you shouldn't touch her.
You shouldn't touch her.
JUNIOR!  You're supposed to say JUNIOR WHO! I'm going to have to hurt you. Theo and Junior circle one another.
Who's there?
NO. I SAY KNOCK-KNOCK! You say who's there. I say who's there and then you say who who. You're not playing right.  Knock-knock.
Buzz Fazeli.
Who's there!
Who's there?
Knock-knock.
It feels good to let it out, doesn't it? Sheila leans over and whispers furiously to her father.
It depends.
You're prone to violent outbursts, aren't you?
I don't like to talk about it.
J'you-and-your-friend do it yet? 
Junior who?
Junior.
Who's there?
Come on Sheila, knock-knock.
Do you have to get your hooks into every guy I'm interested in?
It's not so bad. When I'm alone, it feels like someone else. Sheila grabs the bottle from Junior, opens it and pours some on her shish kebab. She leans over and whispers furiously to her father.
Blueface! Blueface is my favorite.
I have someone for you to play Blueface with Junior.
Someone wants to play with me?
I have someone for you to play with Junior.
You made me hurt him!
We're having a party for you, boy. Cake and shish-k-bob, just like you love. Junior cringes away from the light.
Needs lubrication. Lubrication.
Come on, Junior. Everyone's waiting for you, son. The beam of light catches Junior's face. He is crouched inside the machine at lane six. Jr. His face is cut and bleeding and his straitjacket torn and filthy.
SHEILA!
Junior's a problem child. He has a thing about -
I want you two to pick up Buzz and bring him to lane six. Junior will take it from there.
No!
Buzz has been moving the cash out in hollow bowling pins. Sid and Breeze throw sideways glances at each other.
If Junior thinks you're doing the bouncy- bouncy with his sister, he's gonna tap dance on your spleen. 
Hey, enough fun and games. We have work to do. Come on Junior. Kastle heads for his car. Junior gets up and follows. The two sleazeballs tarry as Theo stands.
If I find out Buzz is comin' up short on dwarf bowling, it's lights out for him and pink slips for you. Sid and Breeze look sideways at each other.
Someone gonna get kacked, boss?
It's not an "Alley". I hate when people call it a "Bowling Alley", it's so common! I prefer "Bowling Center".
Weird, comes into alleys and doesn't bowl.
He killed your stoolie embezzler father, and he's gonna kill you next! Sid and Breeze push him towards the van as the crowd's MURMUR increases. Kastle turns and yells over his shoulder.
Where's Junior?
I think Buzz is retiring soon. In fact, I think he's retiring tonight. Kastle pulls out a shiny gold credit card and holds it in front of Sheila.
You already have a partner Mr. Kastle. Sheila walks over as the sleazeballs' car pulls out of the driveway.
I like you, Theo. You bowl with soul.
Why would you help me?
You need a sponsor; I have influence. I could sponsor you.
How Mr. Kastle?
A guy like you could breathe some fire into bowling. You got ambition like a...like a...blowtorch. You go for what you want and anything that gets in your way - PSSSHHT! -  shish kebabs.  Maybe lady fate washed you up on my doorstep for your own good.  I think I could help you, Theo.
I like the sport the way it is.
There's a lot of competition for amusement out there. You gotta adapt to survive.
What ever happened to just bowling?
Rac. R-A-C. Renovate, Automate, Computerize. That, my boy, is the future. One of the monitors shows a little girl bowling. Her ball moves so slowly it barely tips over the first pin. Kastle hits a key and the pins explode in an emphatic strike. The little girl jumps with joy.
He's earned an early retirement.  But enough about losers; Buzz Fazeli is history. Lets talk about your future.  I wanna show you something.
What if he wants to get out?
If it springs a leak, it'll be because Buzz is making waves.
Nice set-up.
Profits down there, philanthropy up here.  Besides, it beats the pants off bingo.
Think of this business like a big aquarium. You gotta have some sharks to eat the dirt at the bottom so the guppies can swim free at the top. 
That's right, didn't you have a slight control problem in a recent tournament,champ?  Now go take out your "big four", darling.  Come on, we're making her nervous.
That's some pinfall. Almost a 133 average. Her ball's flat, she needs to work on her spin control.
It's nothing, just a slight business imbalance.  How's Gloria's thumb?
What's with the bad air between you two, Mr. Kastle?
Maybe I can help you.  Try a lighter ball, Penelope - you'll get hurt with that big ball, honey.  I've seen tapes of you bowling on the circuit. You got Fazeli blood running through you. Your pop was a genuine talent in his day.
You might say I'm at the top of their shit list.
I heard you've been having a little trouble with the Congress.  Theo pulls his eyes off Sheila. Kastle walks Theo past pairs of bowlers.
Nobody sticks a finger into a bowling ball in this town without Miles Kastle knowing about it. You don't mind if I have a word with Theo, do you bunny? Kastle takes Theo by the elbow and pulls him away.
You know who I am?
So you're Buzz's boy. I've been expecting you. You hurt my feelings when you didn't come and see me sooner.
Bowling "Center"!
Don't go near the bowling alley.
You still got the touch Junior.
Fantastic! What talent.
Just because your mother signed part ownership of the lanes over to you, doesn't mean you have a right to tell me how to run my business! I can have my lawyers take that deed away from you like that.  Sheila and Kastle sit up.
Leave him alone!
Look who's talking!
You're using Theo for your own deviant purposes!
She ran away to be with that...  that Motocross champion.
That's why Mom ran away, because you had to control everything!
You're just like you mother! Always jealous!
He stuck it in the ball return machine when he was a kid. Crushed all the nerve endings. Junior starts stroking the ketchup bottle with his dead hand.
After we eat, Dad.
See! No feeling. Tell Theo what happened to your hand, Junior.
I bet you didn't know that you and Junior have something in common, Theo: Junior can't bowl anymore either. Isn't that right Junior? Kastle SLAMS the ketchup bottle down on Junior's right hand. The table settings jump from the shock. Junior sits impassively, his face a blank.
Ssssh! Now real quiet. On three. One...two...three!
Dad, this is ridiculous. Just open it.
Four or five years when a girl like that's bowling on the pro tour for Team Kastle, she'll pay a handsome profit on my investment.
She hit it, Mr. Kastle!
I get them while they're young. Builds loyalty.
You keep that up Carmelita and one day you'll be a champion just like Mr. Skinner here. What do you think, Theo? Think Carmelita's got the stuff?
132, 154.
Hello, Violet. How's my favorite 'bowlerina' doing?
Hello, Mr.Kastle.
Yippy!
Hole in one! You're the queen of stroke!
Strokin'. Here goes nothin'.
No, no, that's too far. Try a more gentle stroke. It's all in the stroke. Go ahead, now, honey - stroke. As the camera comes around the side of the whale, we see an elderly man in a fire hydrant red sports coat and white slacks hunched over a diminutive fiftyish woman.  His back is to the camera and he is wearing a baseball cap with a plastic halo attached to it.
Like this?
Now swing it out a little to the right...
Yeah.
Line up where you want it.
Grasp firmly. Then what?
That's right, sugar, find the grip that's right for you. Then grasp firmly. The camera weaves past a five foot pink whale with a gaping green mouth leading onto a mini-green.
I just hold it loosely with both hands?
The Peter Pan.
Where can I find him?
Careful with that one. He won't tell me anything, but I know there's something strange going on over at the lanes. If you ask me, I'd say the old fart wants to die.
He's no father to you.
He's my father, Millie.
Buzz Fazeli never helps anybody but himself.
I couldn't kill Buzz. I need his help. Theo helps Millie load suitcases into the trunk of her car.
This is a sign! Someone's coming to take Buzz away from me. I don't know if you're the guy or what, but I'm not letting it happen. I'm leaving him first.
I'm sorry about Zeus, Millie.
He's not here.
They suspended me.
Get that outta your mouth!
I'm sick of you people. Why don't you leave him be?
I'm a bowler.
Who wants to know?  Zeus!
Is Mr. Fazeli in please?
Can you change something this big?
You bet. For five bucks, I'll even throw in the tongue.
Lips still for sale?
I am a professional man.
Very professional.
Suck my dick!
Sez you!
I'm not dumping you, I'm suspending you.
You think I'm dumping you to get back into bowling. Well who's dumping who?
Your word is so good, you're never gonna give it to anyone.
Fuck plan C!
What about plan C?
My word is good, and it'll always be good. When did I ever give my word to you?
I'm pissing you off? I'm doing what I said I'd do. What the hell are you doing? What about your word?
You're really pissing me off.
Who said anything about an ultimatum? You want to find your father? Get a shovel and start digging. Hurry up, he's probably in Purgatory by now. Sheila makes a pathetic attempt to speed away from Theo. He moves up beside her again.
What makes you think you know me so well that you can give me an ultimatum? Huh?
SSHHEEIILLAAA!
Now he's the one who's locked up and I'm the one who's free. If I gotta do this alone, I might as well start now. She revs up and peals out.
I've been trapped by Miles Kastle my whole life. She walks over to her scooter, and mounts it.
Back to plan A. The vicious cycle all over again. Theo lets go of Sheila.
I didn't come this far to bury a guy that's not my dad. He owes me.
Theo, Buzz is dead.
Plan C. From now on it's gonna be plan C. Both bodies throb and grind, their sandy hands sliding over each others' sweaty skin.
Say something, Theo. Give me something. A doll's legs catch fire. Theo stares into Sheila's eyes.
At least I'll die smiling.
You don't get two chances with Junior.
I killed him once, I'll just have to kill him again.
If Junior finds us, he'll kill us both.
When I'm with you Sheila, I don't even think about bowling. Theo takes Sheila in his arms and kisses her passionately. She stops him and looks around nervously.
Why did you come back?
I did your dirty work for you Sheila, now fuck off. Theo drives away leaving Sheila standing alone. She watches his car recede with a thoughtful expression, then turns on her heel.
Can I come with you?
I think your brother may have already gotten to Buzz. He gets into his car.
Where are you going?
I didn't stop to take his pulse.
Are you sure he's dead?
You should.
I feel sick.
He's dead Sheila.
If he's not dead, he'll keep coming back.
You wanted me to kill him, didn't you?
Tell me what happened Theo.
How do you get this thing down?
Did you - kill him?
Oh great! He tried to kill me! You knew he would go off if he thought I fooled around with you.
We would have sooner or later.
What the hell did you go doing that for Sheila? We haven't even gotten naked yet!
I told him you were my boyfriend.
It. Bouncy-bouncy. Fucked. He tried to squeeze my fucking head off. What did you say to him? When they reach each other, they stop. Sheila seems to weigh her answer.
It?
You told Junior that we did it.
I'll be at the bridge.
You don't have to do this. We could just cut out of here, go to Akron,  or anywhere else.
These open the back door. Don't let him catch you behind the machines; if he does, you're trapped. I'll meet you at the bridge. Theo takes the keys. Sheila grabs his arm.
He's my father.
I can't - I can't do it.  He's my brother.
It's Junior, isn't it.
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.
Tell me, Sheila. What are you afraid of? Sheila shakes her head.
I saw your eyes when you hit that guy with your ball on TV. THUNDER rumbles. Theo takes Sheila by the shoulders.
Why not?
I can't tell you, Theo.
Are you fucking with me Sheila? Is something gonna happen to Buzz? Sheila seems to be trying to tell Theo, but is unable.
No, but something's gonna blow in this town. I can feel it.
You got any broken bones?
You know how people with broken bones know when there's a storm coming?
Too late for what, Sheila?
Nothing.
Way too late. Buzz Fazeli is history.  Too late for what?
And besides, it's probably too late, anyhow.
Zip.
Yeah, what did Buzz Fazeli ever do for you?
Why should I help that old fuck.
I'm sure you wouldn't care if he needed your help, right?
Nope, I couldn't care less.
It wouldn't bother you if Buzz was in danger, would it?
...lane six. Yes.
Then it's true, isn't it? About...
What about the guy he put in the body cast?
You're here.
What are you going to do about your brother?
If you want a professional man, you have to be willing to pay for him.
You professional men drive a hard bargain. I'm afraid I only have five on me. Sheila pulls out a 5 dollar bill.
I could let them go for ten.
Come on, bargain with me.
More than you could afford.
How much would you charge me for the lips?
I may not be a pro bowler, but I'm no amateur man. Sheila moves closer to Theo.
Yeah, but they're all little wannabes. I'm looking for a professional man.
I bet you get to meet a lot of eligible bowlers.
I'm a credit card junkie. I went on a binge and my dad bailed me out. Now I'm trapped in his easy payment plan.
So why do you stay?
My mom told me not to stay in this town.
It's been awhile. She didn't want me looking for my dad.
Do you talk with your mom?
Really? I kinda like it.
I don't think your new outfit suits you, Theo.
Plan C...  ...is me.
What's plan C?
Come on Theo, what about plan C?
Sheila, please.
What? Be my body guard?  Here's my body, Theo. Guard it. For my dad's sake. For your career. Sheila starts to unbutton her bowling shirt.
He asked me to keep an eye on you for a couple of days.
Oh really? Nothing? My dad doesn't do anything unless there's something in it for him.
Nothing.
Ha! And what do you have to do for him?
He said he'd sponsor me.
What do you think my dad's gonna do for you?
Plan B is your dad.
What's plan B?
Well, that was plan A.
So you're hoping Buzz can get you re- instated?
I used to be kind of wild. They used to call me the bad boy of bowling.
Why were you suspended?
No, I'm fascinated.
I wanted to be a motocross champion. My folks didn't really care what I did. Then Junior blew a fuse and I became their last hope. Most girls get ballet stuffed down their throats, I got bowling. I never understood how anyone could take it so seriously. I hope I'm not insulting you.
I don't know. It's all I ever wanted to do.
Theo, what would you do if you couldn't bowl?
We'll get into that later.
Do I want you?
So, what about you?
Unfortunately what he wants is you.
Nobody in this town really understands Junior. When I went to family sessions for him I realized he was the sanest one in the family. Actually, he's the only one in this whole fucking town who knows exactly who he is and what he wants.
So this brother of yours is hazardous to the health of your dates?
No. Not at the present.
No. Do You?
Do you have a boyfriend?
Not while I'm in training.
Do you have a girlfriend?
I'd rather you didn't.
Can I ask you something personal?
The ladies in Akron call them thigh- ticklers.
You and your sideburns are the talk of the party, Theo.
No, not at all.
Mind if I cut in?
It's a vicious cycle.
Whoa.
He follows me, he tries to have sex with me, and then they send him to the nut-hut for a while and then he gets out and then he follows me, he tries to have sex with me, they send him to the nut-hut for a while...
What does he do?
The mental hospital.
Where did your brother escape from?
Everything has it's drawbacks.
Kinda tough on the butt.
When I'm on my bike I feel like a wild person.  Better than any sex I've ever had.
Isn't this technically a scooter?
I think that a motorbike is one of the last really free things that people can do.
This is a vicious cycle.
Your dad's one of the only nice people in this fucking town. My Dad is slime. Kastle walks over. Theo stands up and shakes Kastle's proffered hand.
Having a legend for a dad isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Won't your father help you with that?
Business.
What do you want with my dad?
I came here to have a word with your dad.
I'm not here to - I can't...
Here Theo, it's the Fazeli specialty; a seven-ten split. Theo looks down the lane and sees the two pins standing.
Yeah, Babylon. Buzz runs the lanes there for my dad. Everybody who has anything to do with bowling in this town answers to my dad. Theo splits.
Do you know where they're taking him?
Mine, and they never tip.
Do those two work for your dad or mine?
Coming right up.
Uh...over easy.
How do you want it?  The eggs.
Then I'll have the number four with one of your finest whips.
Whips...orange whips.
What's your specialty?
Ow! Ooh! No, please! Doc said I'd be back on the planks in a week! Show him Breeze! Breeze pulls a copy of "New York Bowler" from his pocket. The headline reads "RUB OUT!:BOWLING LEGEND KACKED BY DWARFSCAM KINGPIN" with a photo of Buzz Fazeli.
You faked my dad's murder. You used him! Where is he! Theo chases Sid and Breeze around their car. He catches Sid and grabs the middle fingers on his right hand. Sid howls.
I'm the next of kin. I should've seen him.
The body was identified along proper Bowling Congress guidelines for processing a bowling related fatality.
Who identified the body?
Your time is up, busyboy.
Why is Junior's watch in that coffin? Something stinks around here.
You call it stooling, we call it cooperating. Breeze looks under Theo's car.
So, Buzz was stooling for you guys.
You should probably hit the road. Go home. This place could get hazardous for your health.
What are you gonna do, call the bowling police?
Dwarf bowling's illegal.
Very good, busyboy.
Breeze, give him his ball back!
Tell your little pal to let go.
Aagh! Stop! Those are my bowling fingers!
Basement bingo?
We provide some extracurricular activities for the senior citizens in the community.
You guys got something going on downstairs?
If you wanna do business in this town, there's other people around here got more weight than old Faz.
Some unfinished business.
I'm looking for somebody.
You drag that coconut around for your health, or do you know how to use it?
I'm not here to bowl.
Lane's closed big fellah, league night.
