Times up!
Well, I-I hope that--that--
Uh-oh!  Do you know if the demands are being taken seriously at this point, or does Washington think these people are just a bunch of crazy fuckers playing games?
Y-yes--
Does that include Helen Filmore, United States congresswoman?
Th-th-they'll kill one hostage every hour until it is--
Twenty-five-million!  And what will they do if the money isn't delivered?
Th-they want t-twenty-f-five million dollars cash--or Chemco will be destroyed.
Henry, what exactly are these crazed gunmen demanding?
I don't know--look!  They can get in now, man!  We got no one left to guard it!
Is he with the girl?
There isn't anyone! He's opened that whole sector now!
Well get someone down there!
We got trouble.  That bodyguard son- of-a-bitch has them running all over the field--just took out three on the north end!
Listen man, I don't need this shit--
I now understand the expression "you get what you pay for!" A bunch of chumps!
I don't know what hit us!  We had them trapped on the stairwell.  They could be anywhere now.
I guess not Cooper...
Looks like you're not going to make that dinner after all...
Well Cooper...
Well Filmore--
Rule two:  without alternative, use yourself as a shield.
What about rule one:  never let the person you are protecting out of your sight!
You're talking about committing suicide!
Because I'll be firing at them.
They probably have guards on the roof--and they're gonna be firing at me--not you! ATKINS What makes you so sure?
What are you talking about?
I'm going first.  Taking the fire. If we go out together we're all dead!
There's the fence...
Now what?
Used to Filmore, used to.
You're a lot like my father, Cooper... you think with your heart.
By the time I got back to the party our ambassador was face-down, in a bed of bloody azaleas.
What happened?
I drew my gun, ran in the direction of the cries...violating the first rule of service...I let the Ambass- ador out of my sight.
Yeah?...
Cooper...
No but you didn't defend him either! Didn't want to rock the boat.  Guess the ride was too smooth. FILMORE I was acting under legal counsel!
Let me tell you something Cooper! I never once bad-mouthed him during all those months--
What do you think?
What's that supposed to mean?
After Leizburg, he stuck his neck out to defend me.  He's loyal to the end. Even if it's not--politically correct at the time.
What do you mean?
You should listen your old man more often.  He's got principles.
He's a very stubborn man sometimes...
I wasn't angry with you I was angry with him.
Forget about it.
What happened!
Let's move it we got company!
Yeah and we don't have much ammo either!
We don't have time!
--be prepared.
We're outta here--
What now?
Who's got matches?
What are we going to do!
Just the soda, please. Cooper heads down the hall.  Filmore watches him leave, sighs, then turns and smiles at the General manager:
Anything else?  Maybe a sandwich?
Look Cooper I don't care what my father says, if you embarrass me here you're going to regret it, understand?
I'm not arguing.  I'm just telling you what the deal is--Congresswoman.
Just get me a coke and don't argue with me, OK?
If you're working for me you're going to do what I tell you.
I gotta keep you alive--it's in my contract.
What are you going to do, Cooper, throw yourself on a Bunsen burner? It's a bunch of businessmen touring a lab.  We'll be out in no time.
I said I'll lead.
Why? Are we going dancing?
I'll lead.
The maintenance hatch--it takes us outside the building!
Where does it lead?
That's it!  Up ahead!
We wouldn't have made it out without you. FILMORE Or without you.
It's nothing to worry about.
How's the arm?
Good...
I don't see why they wouldn't be.
Are the labs in operation?
We're on sublevel six.  We'll pass some labs and then we'll hit the stairwell--
How well do you know this place?
Even better.
I have a lighter!
I said I don't want any, goddammit!
I insist...
I don't want any...
Come on, drink up.
Shut up!
You see, it paid off--you broke away from the old guard, congresswoman.  It won't be long till they're calling you Senator Filmore--
Yes, you should.
I suppose...you think I should thank you.
Like where--in your dreams?
I know you're not too happy at this point.  It's too bad we weren't able to meet elsewhere, under different circumstances...
It seems to me we are just sailing away. They haven't sunk us yet, have they? Besides, don't you worry your pretty little head about that.  It's all been taken care of.
You understand that they're watching our every move right now--you think you're just going to sail away?
You got it all backwards, Helen--but that's OK, you work for the government...
You're going to pay for this...
I hope you don't mind all this--it's just that the networks will eat it up, you know...
Hey now!  No cussing on TV!  Well in closing I'd like to say that there are two reasons to have that money outside in an hour.  One is my perky co-anchor here, and the second is the lives of tens of thousands of people--people just like you and me!
Go fuck yourself...
I don't know.  If you gave me a reason to...
Are you going to kill us?
Enjoying the tour so far?
You can't think like that!  We're watching them like a hawk--he's bound to trip up, make one false move--
She's as good as gone...
Looks like Richter isn't acting alone--he's heading into some dangerous waters.
He's in there...
What about Cooper--where is he?
Chemco's been developing nerve gas?
Why the hell didn't you tell us this was at stake!
We have a special forces squadron out of Thailand surrounding the compound as we speak.
Good.
We've prohibited the networks from broadcasting the transmissions.
Well?
The transmission is an hour old...
She's still alive.
Came over the satellite.  We're keeping the bird clear should they call back.
They were probably topping off a docked tanker while he stalled for time--without anyone being the wiser...
What!
He wouldn't take it on the helicopters. He'd transport it through pipelines that connect Chemco to the waterfront...
How much do they have?
Well, it's a binary formula--a precise amount of two separate chemicals must be exposed to the nitrogen in the atmosphere simultaneously for it to work.
What the hell is it, anyhow?
Apparently, this project is--unique. But it's heavily protected--all formulas are heavily codified!
I haven't been briefed on any such thing!
Chemco makes many things senator! We were under government contract!
Mister Myers it is a chemical plant! There are a number of volatile compounds-- but they are safely stored away...
Is there anything in there that can blow?  We have to be ready for any contingency--
I assure you gentlemen if we had something of that magnitude it wouldn't be shelved in a lab somewhere...
What do they have in there that's so valuable?  A cure for AIDS, a cure for cancer?
What do you mean?
So, what are we looking at White?
I don't think you--grasp--the situation, Mr. Myers.
The ball is in Richter's court.  But we're sure as hell not going to sit on our hands while he assassinates people--we're gonna stop the son-of- a-bitch!
And what exactly do they intend to do?
I'll let the senator tell you.
Who's Ryan Cooper?
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
And--of course there is the human cost, which is incalculable.
Chemco is willing to deal with him, meet his demands.  I can have the money there in an hour.
This was taken when Richter was arrested in Washington state, 1985. He was charged with interstate arms trafficking, skipped bail, and has since been a fugitive.
Excellent.
We're almost done piping in directly to the Olympia.  Should have it all in about an hour or so.
What's happening at the waterfront?
You're fucking crazy Richter--you know that?
I want the girl.  I don't care about the rest--but a US congresswoman taken hostage will make for great copy. We'll make headlines all over the world...
What are you so worked up about jack? Fuck 'em--we don't need 'em.
Where the hell could they have gone!
Excellent...excellent!
KZ...7-0...7-0...nine.  It checks out.
Richter-we got a problem!
Something tells me you don't want to be on TV, friend.
I know what I'm here for-you don't need to remind me.
Of course it's codified!  Each number probably corresponds to a compound.  Have them pull every compound from the lab and compare it to the codes till you figure it out--that's what you're here for.
I'm in to the directory but they've codified the stockpile--numerically.
Have you broken it yet?  We've got six more heads and that means six more hours.
We're secured.  Takeover team is in position and accounted for.
How goes the roll call?
The thing weighs more than a ton-- you want to roll up your sleeves and try it?!
Get your men to do it!
We can't--it's power driven!
Drop the anchor!
If I don't get power up we are!
Are we adrift--
You know, when we reach Kompong Som--
Dissent?
Well, there was uh, a little dissent about the amount of the bonus--
Why should I worry?  Is there a problem?
My crew is going to work alongside with your men, don't worry--we're a team!
Captain it would be impossible to turn down such a gracious request.
Are you hungry?  We can discuss some final arrangements over some slop in the galley.
Agreed--let's move it.
I say we head out.
Good.
Gotcha.  We've been filling barrels all day--we've got  hell of a stockpile.
Our traveler's insurance, you know what I mean?
There's enough in one vial...
What does that mean?
They must have got their hands on a test vial!
How much of this shit do they have, White!!
Of the separate chemicals--I don't know, uh, offhand--
We've...been developing a product... KZ 70709.
Just what the hell is he talking about?
