Oh, yes, that's right.
Excuse me, Mister President, but you forgot to give me my camera back.
We have many splendidly deep mines in our country.
Goodbye, Mister Ambassador.
And now, Mister President, I must return at once to my embassy to communicate this reassuring news to the Premier.
Don't you realize that despite your incredible distrust and suspicion, that in fact, you place a far greater trust in us than inspection would require?  You trust us not to cause a war accidentally - and, of course, we are obliged to place the same trust in you.
And surely you don't expect us to let you spy in our country before you destroy your weapons.
Surely, you don't expect us to destroy our weapons without being able to verify that you are doing the same?
I know nothing of the sort!
That's nonsense, and you know it!
Bah!  All you wanted to do was spy in our country!
This dreadful accident could never have happened if your government hadn't cynically and hypocritic- ally blocked every proposal we made for disarmament or arms control!!
How dare you talk to me in this manner?
It is very convenient to place all the blame on a dead man.
Damn you, de Sade!  You know as well as I do that this was the act of a mentally sick man - a single individual, whose crack-up can probably be traced to the strains and tensions caused by your country.
Allow me to assure you that my government will not be satisfied with a polite note of regret for this shocking example of aggression against our peace-loving people.
Yes?
The report is entirely untrue.  I can assure you of that.
The source was...shall we say, completely reliable.
That's preposterous!  We have no such program!
But, finally, one factor tipped the scales. We received information from a very re- liable source that your country was going to build one.
First of all, economic reasons.  It was cheap.  The entire project cost just a fraction of what we spent in a single year on our various space and missile programs. It also seemed ideal in most other respects. It was terrifying, convincing, automatic, and extremely simple to understand.
Mister Ambassador, what on earth possessed your country to build this weapon?
It is buried somewhere in the Grudd Mountains.
Where is this...thing?
Our scientists calculated that the detonation of fifty of our biggest nuclear devices, jacketed in Cobalt-Thorium-G would enshroud the earth in a hundred years of lethal radio- activity from which no human life could escape. In ten months the Earth would be as dead as the Moon.
Well, it has been explained to me that, if you add a thick Cobalt-Thorium-G jacket to a nuclear device, the radio- activity resulting from such a nuclear explosion will retain its lethal power for a hundred years.
I'll hold this, if you don't mind.  You can have it back when you leave.
I am sorry.  Sub-miniature photography is my hobby.  It's amazing what excellent en- largements you can make from the negative.
What's the meaning of this?
Did you get that, Kulnick?
If he's not there, try...  87 - 43 - 56.
At his office in the Capitol.
Where are you trying to reach him?
Yes, of course.
I have your word, Mister President?
Don't be ridiculous.
The food - you wouldn't put - anything in it, would you?
Now, Mister Ambassador.  In a very few moments we should have Premier Belch on the phone.  I intend to tell him exactly what has happened.  I merely want you to authenticate certain facts for him.
Thank you, Admiral.
Moffo!
Possibly some coffee?
Certainly - how about some breakfast?
Can I have a glass of water?
All right, Mister Ambassador!  But you must treat General "Buck" Schmuck with the respect due him.
War-mongering bully!  Don't think you're going to intimidate me!
You will not get away with this vicious attack on our peace-loving people.
Please be calm, Ambassador De Sade.
One, two...  three, four...  five...  Why you, dirty, stinking...
That's right, fella.
My seven body orifices????
See!  See, I told you.
Please, Mister President, I am extremely shy and do not wish to endure this sort of personal humiliation.  Here is the only other camera I have left. 
It's not a he, General.  It was an article in the "Times" about a year and a half ago.
You mean you'll tell us his name???
Perhaps you gentlemen would like to check with the source?
Ah, but if we were able to untrigger it, that would be defeating its purpose.  All our enemies would have to do, would be to warn us in advance that they were going to violate one of our unalterable triggering conditions. We would bluff, naturally, but in the end we would be insane not to untrigger it. Now we can say: There is no point trying to intimidate us, we don't control the Doomsday Machine.
Then all you have to do is untrigger it.
You're absolutely right.  We wouldn't.  No sane nation ever would.  That's why it was designed to trigger itself automatically.
Mister President, I can't buy this malarkey; they wouldn't set the damn thing off.  Why should they?
Naturally.  It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country.  But this way we know it's safe, and we don't have the problem of delivering it.
Do you mean to say you'd set it off in your own country?
What do you think of this, Mister President?  I told you we shouldn't let him in here.
Give that back to me.
I caught you red-handed, Mister Ambassador.
Don't you dare touch me!  What the devil do you think you're doing?
Mister President, are you going to let this stooge talk to you like this?
Premier Belch will not be fooled by this fantastic lie.
Who the hell do you think you are, sir???
Now, snap out of it, fella!
It might still be worth trying Riki-Tiki- Tavi.  R...T...T...There's only three combinations of -- T...T...R, or T...R...T...
Get a grip on yourself, Major!
The three-letter code group.  Or maybe some combination of the three letters. P...O...E, or P...E...O, or E...O...P... let's see, there would be six possible combinations.
What are you talking about, Major?
I think that just might be it!  Although it could be Riki-Tiki-Tavi.
Why are you saying that phrase over and over again?
Come in...come in... Peace On Earth... Peace On Earth...yes...
Major?...Major?  I'm Colonel "Bat" Guano, 701 Battalion.
Colonel, remember, a reprimand from the President can be pretty serious to a career officer...Just a second, operator, I know I have it somewhere.
That's government property, Major.
Operator...How much would the call be station-to-station?...Thirty-five cents cheaper?...I'd still be short twenty cents ...Just a second, operator...  Colonel, shoot the lock off the Coke machine.  There's bound to be enough change in there.
Well, I'm General Ripper's Executive officer. He'll want to talk to me.
So what?
He wanted to talk to General Ripper, didn't he?
What about the President?
Wait a minute.  The President!!  That's it! The President!!!
You've wasted enough of my time, fella.
Okay, Colonel.  But look, there's a pay phone just outside in the hall.  Maybe that works, huh?  Maybe it'll work?  What do you think?
On your feet, fella.  I've got to get outside and see how my men are.
Look, Colonel.  Maybe it's too late. Maybe they've sent Air Command in already.  But we've got to try to con- tact somebody.
Now look, I'm picking up this ordinary telephone.  See?...Hello?...Hello?... Nuts, the lines must still be disconnected.  The General had us disconnect... 
Sure...sure, Colonel.  Now look, I'm picking up the phone...nice and slow.  Right?...Hello? ...Hello?  Hello?...Hello?...Gee, it must be edad. Probably the lines were hit during the fighting.
Okay, fella.  But just move slow and don't do anything that might surprise me.
Look, Colonel.  You keep me covered, but let me just pick up this red telephone that connects to Air Command headquarters. Okay?...I won't play any tricks on you... Okay?
They told me, Major.  And I didn't hear anything about any atomic attack.
Didn't they tell you?
You must think I'm an awful sap, Major.  Just sit down, fella, and keep your hands on the desk!
Look, General Ripper went off his rocker and ordered the 843rd Bomb Wing to attack with H-bombs.
Sure I do.  There was some kind of mutiny on the base, and you killed General Ripper.
Colonel, don't you know what's going on?
Don't worry, Major.  Your rights will be fully protected.
Look, Colonel.  I've got to talk to somebody at Air Command.
We'll have to leave that up to the C.I.D. boys, won't we, Major?
Look, I didn't shoot him!
What happened, Major?  Some kind of private beef between the two of you?
What?
Do you have any witnesses, Major?
Well, you can't do that because he's dead.
I did that for your own good, fella.  Now I'm not going to pull rank on you.  When this is over, I'll be happy to step outside with you and settle this thing.  Right now my orders are to locate General Ripper and put him on the phone with the President.
Now look here, Miss Pietraszkiewicz, this is Air Command Headquarters calling.
Ceida Pietraszkiewicz...P...I...E... T...R...A...S...Z...K...I...E...W... I...C...Z.
What did you say?
Ceida Pietraszkiewicz.
What is your name, young lady?
I'm sorry, sir.  General Schmuck is asleep and he isn't taking calls until eight-thirty.
Well, that's the funny part of it, too, sir.  It doesn't show a damned thing.
Does the threat board show anything?
I know it sounds crazy, sir, but we tried, and nobody answers any of the telephones.
Well, that's ridiculous.  If the teleprinter and radio links are out of order, just pick up a phone and pay for a call.
Then why bother me with this nonsense? Get in touch with the base commander.
No, sir.
Colonel, you're not drunk, are you, man?
General Schmuck, we monitored a trans- mission about six minutes ago from Burpelson Air Force Base, HQ 843rd Wing.  It was apparently directed to their Wing on air- borne alert.  It decoded as - Wing attack, Plan-R.
I didn't say anything.  What's the meaning of disturbing me at this hour, Colonel?
What did you say, sir?
Go back to sleep, baby.
Yes!  Who the hell is this?
General Schmuck?
Yes!
I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to take the film out.
Just a second, sir.  He's got films of the War Room in that thing!
Buck, when I told you to give them right up to the top, you said we couldn't insult a general officer by asking him to pass a test to see if he's a psycho.
Be fair, Mister President.  Didn't we initiate the Human Reliability tests for all personnel handling nuclear weapons?
Damn it!  Damn it!  I've been telling you all for years you've got too damned many psychoes in the service.
Not exactly, sir.  You see, Colonel Puntrich at Air Command HQ received a call from him about twenty minutes ago.  He asked General Ripper if he had issued the Go-code and the attack order, and General Ripper said:  "Sure, the orders came from me.  They're on their way in, and I advise you to get the rest of Air Command in after them. My boys will give you the best kind of start, and you sure as hell won't stop them now."  Then he hung up.
You aren't sure!
To be perfectly honest, Mister President, we really aren't sure.
May I be stupid enough to inquire WHY IN HELL THE BASE COMMANDER OF THE 843d BOMB WING DID A THING LIKE THAT ???
Yes, sir.  He issued attack orders to --
General Schmuck?
Well, sir, about forty-six minutes ago one of my base commanders, General Jack D. Ripper, sent out attack orders to the thirty-four B-90's of the 843rd Bomb Wing, under his command.
What kind of trouble?
Well, Mister President.
Yes, sir.
I want him upped to Brigadier General, and recomended for the D.S.C.
I didn't speak to him, sir.  But Colonel "Bat" Guano was in command of the Special Service battalion, so I would imagine he did.
That certainly would be a problem, sir.
What do you suppose is going to happen if General Ripper's planes start bombing their targets?
But that would mean some of our own boys will get hurt, Mister President.
You see, you knew the answer all the time, General.
Well...I suppose penetrate the base by force.
Under the circumstances, General, what would you think they should do?
Thank you, sir.  But what shall I tell them to do if they are denied entrance?
That's a very wise deduction, General.
Well, sir, they may not allow the Special Service troops to enter the base.
I am aware of what a condition red alert implies.
Under a condition red alert, the base will probably be sealed off and defended by the base security troops.
Yes?
Yes, sir.  One thing, Mister President.
And lastly, all privately owned radios are to be immediately impounded.  They can be used to issue instructions to saboteurs. Air Police will have lists of all owners.
Yes, sir.
Now, as soon as you've done that, double- up on all base security teams.  Our enemies are plenty smart, and there might even be an attack on the base by saboteurs.
Thank you, sir.
You're a good officer, Major, and you're perfectly right to bring these facts to my attention.
No, sir.  I'm just bringing the facts to your attention, sir.
Are you questioning my orders, Major?
General Ripper, if I shut down the communi- cations center, there'll be no radio or teleprinter contact with Air Command head- quarters or anyone, for that matter.
As soon as you've done that, shut down the communications center.  Lock it up and assign the personnel to base security details.
No, sir.  Plan-R to be radioed to the Wing.
Are you hard of hearing, Major?
Plan-R????
I hope not.  Now, as soon as you do what I told you, have Plan-R radioed to the Wing.
No, sir.
Are you trying to be insubordinate?
To you, sir.  But how do I know?
Who do you think you're talking to?
Yes, sir.  I just thought of something, sir.  How do I know I'm talking to you now?
No calls at all.  With or without my say-so. My voice can be imitated too, Major.
I understand, sir.  Nothing comes or goes without your personal say-so.
No calls from inside out.  No calls from outside in are even answered.  No calls.
You're right, sir.
We don't want to be vulnerable to saboteurs calling up and pretending to be different people from the President down, do we?
That's right, sir.
Let me worry about that, Major. I've still got my red line to the Air Command.
Yes, sir.
Major, that's all I've been told.  Just got it on the red phone.  The base is to be sealed tight.  And I mean tight.
But...what kind of a shooting war?  Have they hit any of our cities yet?
Yes, Major.  This looks like it's going to be it.
A shooting war!
You're a good officer, Major Mandrake.  You have a right to know.  It looks like we're in a shooting war!
Yes, sir.  What's up, General Ripper?
That's right.  I want this flashed to all section immediately.
Condition Red!
All right, Major.  I'm putting the base on condition Red.
Yes, sir.
Good.  Has the Wing confirmed holding at X-points?
No, sir.
Youddon't think I'd ask if you recognized my voice unless it was important, do you, Major?
I don't know, sir. We just spoke a few minutes ago.
Why do you think I ask?
Certainly, General.  Why do you ask, sir?
Do you recognize my voice?
Yes, sir.
This is General Ripper speaking.
Combat Operations Center, Major Mandrake speaking.
Major, I happen to believe in a life after this one, so I believe I will have to answer for what I have done.  I think I can.
General, now that you've done that, I beg you to recall the Wing.
Peace on earth.
To peace on earth, Major.
Yes, sir.  Why don't you stop the fighting, sir?
Major, those are my boys out there dying.
Major, I hate to say this, but I think you've been enemy indoctrinated, and you don't even know it.
Look, sir.  I'm no expert on the subject, but I've read some pretty sharp ideas the big boys have.  Like, say, both countries agreeing to a million dollar reward and international protection for anyone who gives evidence of cheating to the inspectors. You can't hide those things without a lot of people knowing about it.  And if I were going to try and hide a few, I wouldn't want to depend on the fact that some poor slob isn't going to run and blab for a million bucks.  We're as smart as they are, and if they cheat, or even hold back information, we'd pull right out.
Do you think they would cheat?
No, sir.  I'm sure we wouldn't.
Do you think we'd cheat?
General, what's good enough for the President and all the experts he's got working on the thing, is good enough for me.
And you'd like to see that?
If they gave us what we think we need, yes, I guess we would.
But if they suddenly opened up and gave us the inspection we want, we'd agree, wouldn't we?
But, General, we're on our toes.  We haven't agreed to anything for years.  Inffact, a a lot of people say we never will.
I'll tell you what I do think.  If they say they're for disarmament, I say anyone who says they're for disarmament is either a traitor or a damned fool.
Don't you think he knows something about this, General Ripper?
Don't be offended, Major.  Our President holds the same views.
Well, I'm not, sir.  Honestly, sir.
Major, you're talking like one of them!
Gee, sir, that last remark doesn't exactly make all the sense in the world.
No, Major, I don't.  They have no regard for human life.  They wouldn't care if they lost their whole country as long as they won.
Well, for the same reasons we do, sir. Don't you see?
I still ask, why do they want disarmament?
Well, sir, I remember an example that pointed out that if a system was safe on 99.99% of the days of the year, given average luck it would fail in thirty years.
Go on, Major.  You fascinate me.
That's right, sir.  And don't forget in a few years a lot of other countries will have the bomb.  What if they start something?
I've heard the arguments.  Like Napoleon's quote, "There's one thing you can't do with a bayonet, and that's - sit on it."
I was just going to say, as long as the weapons exist, sooner or later something's going to happen -- and that'll be it for both countries.
Go on, Major.
Well, sir, like I said, for the same reasons we do.  I mean, all the experts say the most likely way for War to start nowadays is by an accident, or a mistake, or by some mentally unbalanced person -- 
Then don't you realize the Bomb gives us Peace not War?  And, if that's the case, I ask you again: Why do they want disarmament?
Right.
But war doesn't make sense precisely because the weapons can kill an entire country -- right?
I don't know, sir.  But they're just as anxious to avoid a nuclear war as we are. War just doesn't make sense any more, for anybody.
But we mean it because we are a peace- loving country.  Are they a peace-loving country, Major.
Yes, sir.  But so do we.
You're very naive, Major.  Don't they say they want disarmament?
And I guess they won't until they agree to let us inspect inside their country.
Not yet, Major.  Not yet.
Well, I know they've been going on for years, and they haven't gotten any place.
Where?  Everywhere, Major.  Everywhere.
Where, sir?
Major Mandrake, I guess you don't follow what's going on too closely, do you?
But if you just let things alone, we wouldn't lose anyone.
You're absolutely right.  You forgot to mention their nuclear subs.  But it wouldn't matter. Sure we wouldn't get off without getting our hair mussed, but we'd prevail.  I don't think we'd lose more than fifty million people, tops.
But even then, we wouldn't get everything.  I mean some missiles would abort, or they'd miss their targets, or maybe the enemy have some secret bases we don't know about.
I know so, Major.  I know so.  And add to that, the whole Air Command force being committed to clobber everything they've got.
I guess so.
Our missiles would impact before my planes were even discovered by the enemy, wouldn't they?
I suppose we might catch them off their guard.
You're being dense, Major.  I certainly don't
But then why do you want to kill a hundred and sixty million of our people, sir?
That's close enough, Major.
Well, I think I remember reading the report on that.  Wasn't it something like a hundred and sixty million?
If we haven't taken any further action, they certainly will.  Doyyourhappen to remember the statistics on our casualties in the event of a full-scale enemy attack?
But when they do, sir, won't they hit back with everything they've got?
You see, Major, at this very moment, while we sit and chat, a decision is being made by the President in the War Room.  He knows that the enemy will pick up our planes on their radar in about twenty minutes.
I'm trying to, sir.
When he said it, fifty years ago, he might have been right.  But today, war is too important to be left to the politicians. Do you follow me, Major?
I see.
He said war was too important a matter to be left to Generals.
I don't think so, sir.
Do you remember what Clemenceau once said about war?
No, sir.  I mean I didn't think you hadn't given it a lot of thought.
I've given it alot of thought, Major.  Don't think I haven't.
Well, General -- I was wondering, why are you doing this?  I mean why do you want to start the war?
Ask away, Major.
General Ripper, can I ask another question?
To peace on earth.
What shall we drink to, sir?
Perfect.  Thank you, Major.  And now let's drink a toast.
That about right?
Just a squirt.
How much soda, sir.
You're damned right they are.
I suppose they are, sir.
We've come a long way since World War II, Major.  And the lessons we've learned are all in Plan-R.
I know that, sir.
Don't fret about it, Major.  There's nothing anyone can do about it now.  I'm the only one who knows the three-letter code group for the CRM-114.
Perhaps, Major.  Perhaps.  Pour me a scotch and soda, please.  And help yourself to whatever you like.
But -- why...that would be an awful thing to do, sir.
Suppose that were the case?
Because I thought it proper, Major.  Why else would you think I'd do it?
But then, sir, why have you issued the order: Wing attack, Plan-R?
And if that were true?
Well, I was thinking, maybe an enemy attack is not in progress?
That's a good question, Major.  Maybe if you think hard, you can think of the answer yourself.
Well, sir, I was thinking, if an enemy attack is in progress, how come the radio's still playing music?  It's supposed to go off, and all we should hear are Civil Defense broadcasts.
You know the regulations well, Major.
And a condition red means enemy attack in progress, doesn't it?
That is correct, Major.
Well, General Ripper, sir -- I was thinking -- we're on a condition red, aren't we?
Certainly, Major Mandrake.  You're a good officer, and you can ask me a question any time you want to.
Yes, sir.  General, can I ask a question?
I didn't mean for anyone to play anyone else's radio either, Major.
Oh, it's not my radio, sir.  I picked it up in the communications center.
I see you're playing your radio, Major. Isn't that contrary to my instructions for the personnel of this base?
That's right, Major.
Sort of like a new hobby, huh, General?
Please don't take any notice of this weapon, Major.  I love all weapons, and as of late, I've just taken to keeping a loaded weapon nearby at all times.
What's the gun for, General Ripper?
Zlat, make sure the secret service boys care- fully search his seven body orifices.
You've lied to me twice - I'm sorry, but it will be strictly routine.  These men are experts.
Well, sir, if the A/C's a really good man, I mean really sharp, why he can barrel that plane along so low - well you just have to see it some time.  A real big plane, like a Sting Ray, zig-zagging in, its jet exhaust frying chickens in the barnyard ---  Has he a chance?.....Hell, yes!  He has one hell of a chance.
General, stick to the point, please.
If I can speak freely, sir -- look, these guys talk big, but frankly, we think they're short of know-how.  You can't just take a bunch of ignorant peasants and expect them to understand a machine like one of our boys, and I don't mean that as an insult, Mister Ambassador.  Hell, we all know what kind of guts your people have.  Why just look how many millions of 'em those Nazis  killed and, hell, they still wouldn't quit.
Is there any chance a single aircraft can penetrate the entire enemy Air Defense, when its course and target are known?
Well, the Premier doped it out pretty well. Its primary is their missile base at Laputa.
What's the target.
Yes, sir.  We're still sending it.  But it's a funny thing we don't seem to be able to make any contact with the aircraft at all.
Have you tried the recall again?
Well, sir, it looks like one aircraft, the "Leper Colony", failed to receive the recall.
Yes?
Well, just common sense, sir.  Thirty from thirty-four equals four, or my name's not "Buck" Schmuck!
How do you know they were shot down, Buck?
Hello, are you still there?...Uh-huh...I'll be right back.  We're still working this thing out.
Mister President, there were thirty-four aircraft involved.  Thirty acknowledged the recall.  That makes four shot down.
Look, he's there, and you're here.
Well, if you choose to take his word over mine ---
He says they've only shot down three planes.
Naturally I am, sir.
General Schmuck, are you positive of your figures?
General Faceman, what was the name of the officer who called me from Burpelson?
I'm not certain, Mister President.  But I believe it was four.
How many planes did we lose?
I believe it will be just a few minutes, at the most.
I'm not certain, Mister President.  The boys in CONCOM do the pencil work.
How long will it take to receive them all?
They're coming in now.
Have you received acknowledgements from every plane?
Knock it off will you, General?  Crudley, find out what's holding up that call!
We don't operate like you KGB boys.
That's the idea, General Schmuck.  Zlat!
But he'll hear everything we're saying.  And if he just looks out of that window, he'll see everything we're doing. 
Admiral Buldike?
I don't think that's a fair analogy, sir.
But we can't communicate with the base.
I want to talk to General Ripper.
General Jack D. Ripper, sir.
I should say practically none, though we have our communications center plowing through every possible three-letter combination. The trouble is that there are about seventeen thousand permutations, and it will take us approximately four and a half days to go through them all.
Then there's no chance for recall?
Mister President, I know you think I've let you down, but we had to have a Plan-R.  If we completely centralized the command and control, all a potential aggressor would have to worry about was knock- ing out maybe half a dozen headquarters and the Capitol, and we'd be out of business. We'd have planes and missiles just sitting there while we were getting clobbered.
How could you let this happen, General Schmuck?
We estimate the planes should be entering their coastal radar cover in about twenty-five min- utes.
How soon until the enemy finds out what's going on?
Mister President, to guard against espionage, the three letter of the code group for Plan-R are always selected by the lower echelon commander himself, just before each mission.  They are sealed in the various attack plans and are known only to the lower echelon commander and his deputy.  In this case the deputy is air-borne with the Wing, and General Ripper refuses to recall the planes.
And I suppose you're going to tell me you don't know what the three-letter code is.
Once the orders have been given, Plan-R requires any new orders to be received on the CRM-114 in the aircraft.  But the CRM-114 will not receive any transmissions unless they are preceded by the proper three-letter code group.
Why can't you cancel it?
Well, sir, Plan-R is an emergency plan to be used by lower echelon commanders if higher echelons have been knocked out by a sneak attack.
What the hell is Plan-R?
Yes, sir.  The base commander, General Ripper, selected Plan-R?
And I suppose there's some reason why you haven't recalled them?
That's right, sir.  But the planes were at their Positive Control points, ready to turn around when General Ripper issued the final Go-code.
Well, what about the Positive Control, the safety catch?  Don't the planes automatically come back unless they get a second order?
I'm afraid so, Mister Presient. Being part of the air-borne alert, each plane is carrying a full load - about fifty megatons apiece.
I presume the planes are armed?
It was a honest mistake, sir.
Can't help it.  What's the wind like?
You know what that'll do to our fuel consumption.
Give me revs for maximum speed at sea level.
All right...we're still flying.  I'm taking her down to the deck.
I don't think so.
Thanks, Binky.  Can you see Bromdingna Island yet?
We should be crossing the coast in about six minutes.
Lothar, take your checks now.
Roger, maintain.
Roger. One-three-eight.
I've got the heading, Major.  One-three-eight.
Roughly, one-zero-five. I'll have it plotted in a minute, Major Kong.
Give me a first rough course as soon as you can, Lieutenant Ballmuff.
No, they wouldn't send us in with bombs on an exercise.
Yeah, to see if we're on our toes.
Fifteen!  Twelve o' clock.
Maximum ECM.
The dirty, stinking, rotten, sons of B's!! They might have clobbered Marge and the
He's right.  They must have clobbered some of our cities already.
They must have clobbered some of our cities already!
He's right.  We wouldn't have started it.
Maybe it's an exercise.
What else could it be?
Sure, I'll take her up right now.
Could you take her up right now, King?  Other- wise we'll get kind of close to the fireball.
Sure, I'll take her up to eight hundred.
Well, listen, King.  Could you take her up to about eight hundred?  That'll help you come in at a nice down-angle, and it'll give us a chance for our chutes to open.
Hey, Terry, I'm hit.
Sorry, King.  My leg's stiff as a board.
Hang on, boys.
I think they mean business.
If they come down low enough to make a firing pass, they'll never be able to pull up in time.
They're moving apart.
They can't touch us at this height.
Must be Mach two-five stuff.  Altitude fifteen thousand.
They must have made a visual contact.
Fighters closing fast - range fifty miles.
Roger.
Look, can't someone help me?
Lieutenant Quiffer, we're all sorry you were hit, and we'll help you stick it together as soon as we get squared away.
Look, I'm shot - it hurts.
Come on, Quentin, isn't that pretty selfish, putting yourself ahead of the mission?
Why can't he help me now?  He's sitting two feet away from me!
Lieutenant Toejam, why don't you help him?
Yeah, I got it in the thigh.
We'll worry about that later.  Okay, I'll take damage reports.
Shouldn't be bad.  Might even help.  But my guess is we're going to have to paddle our way back.
Maximum ECM!
Twenty!  Twelve o' clock.
Thirty-five, still straight.
Call them every five miles.
Between Mach 3 and 4.
Speed?
Forty-five.  Still coming straight and fast. Twelve o' clock.
They must have been fired from Bromdingna - probably one of their new Vampire - 202's. They've got a range well over a hundred miles.
Just the missiles.
Roger, keep calling them.  Knock off auto-pilot, Ace.
Missiles!  Sixty miles off, heading in fast.  Steady track, they look like beam riders.
Zombies set to knock out local air defense four hundred miles from primary.
Check.
Missile and plane flight path computer showing four greens.
Check.
Main interference linked to electronic detector.  Fight interference on readi- ness state.
A through H is correct.
Forget it, Quentin.  It can happen to the best of us.  Now let's get squared away.
I'm sorry, Major Kong.  I guess I was way out of line.
War?
War.
What?
Then this is it.
Skip it and jump, damn you!  This flak's so close, I can smell it.
Listen, King, old buddy.  On behalf---
Forget it.
Gee, we hate to leave you like this, Major Kong.  But there isn't anything we can really accomplish by sticking around.
Very interesting.
Yep, it's the CRM-114 code, all right.
Let's see...International Morse, I think ...K...E...O...P...E...R...E...C...A...L... L...M...I...S...T...A...K...E...O...P...E... Gee, I don't know, it seems to be some kind of code.
No kidding.
Some kind of signaling.
What does it look like?
Damn you, Lieutenant Toejam!  Lothar!
Where'd they get you?
Listen, I think I'm hit bad.
So am I.
Lieutenant Toejam's going to help you in a minute.  Can you check your ECM?
I thought I should check out the damage first. My gear is busted up pretty bad.
Primary arming switch.
Primary arming switch.
Ready, Major.
Lieutenant Toejam, are you ready for Bim and Bam?
Primary target the ICBM base at Laputa. One weapon fused for air burst at ten thou- sand.  Second weapon to be used if first malfunctions.  Otherwise the secondary gets it - the airfield outside of Karnak.  Fused air burst at ten thousand.
Roger, I'm setting up the CRM-114.
Okay.  Check these points.  Complete radio silence.  To ensure that the enemy can't plant false transmissions and fake orders, the CRM-114 is to be switched into all receiver circuits.  The three code letters of the period are to be set on the alphabet dials of the CRM-114, which will in turn block any transmissions other than those preceded by the code letters. You got it?
Yeah, it sure looks like the real thing, all right.
No, this looks like the real thing.
That's what I'm doing, and it comes out the same.
Check your code again.  No one at base would pull a stunt like that, Terry.
Wing attack, Plan-R.  That's exactly what it says.
I just got another blast on the CRM-114, and the damned thing decodes: Wing Attack, Plan-R.
Yeah?
Hey, King.  Somebody at Burpelson has a very perverted sense of humor.
Well, I just wanted you to know how I felt. Hell, I know Air Command wouldn't have taken you if you weren't okay.  And don't think I don't know some of our best ball-players and entertainers are of Negro descent.
Sure, King.
I just wanted you to know I didn't mean anything by it.
Forget it.
Listen, Lothar.  You know that crack I made about your...butt?
Thanks, King.  I've always wanted to take one of these big babies in.
I'd be mighty proud if you did, Lothar.
King, would you mind if I keep me hands on the wheel when you take her in?
I thought maybe you'd like some company.
Now what the hell did you want to go and do a thing like that for, Lothar?
I thought I'd go along for the ride.
What the hell are you doing here, Lothar?
We're on course, Major.  Just fixed our position on that river back there.
Roger.
Well, it would probably help if you took it ...sort of...straight down.
Would it matter if they hit at a flat angle? I mean, do you think the deuterium mass might separate from the atomic trigger?
I think it's okay, King.  They should go off on impact.
There's no other way, boys.  I'm going to have to take her in...the hard way.
Let me check.
There's no other way, Lothar.  Can you re-arm the bombs for impact?
But how are we going to drop the bombs if the doors won't ---  Hey, King....you're not thinking of --- You don't mean you'd --- ???
I asked you a question, Lothar!
But I TOLD YOU, I don't think we can get the bomb bay doors open.
Lothar, can you arm the bombs for impact?
I tried everything.  Something must have gotten bent or twisted from the pounding we took.
Have you tried the emergency system?
But I get a red light.
Maybe the warning system's out.
Well, I can't get out and look, King.  But I don't get a green light.
Are you sure?
Well, I hate to say this, but I think the bomb bay doors are stuck.
I'm okay.  What's up?
It's me - Lothar.  Are you okay?
Who's that?
Forget it.  Okay, team, let's break it up and get ready for the kick-off.
Sorry, King.
First lesson in War College:  Never under- estimate your enemy.
You're giving them an awful lot of credit for being on the ball.
We crossed the coast over an hour ago. Okay?
Okay, how do we know they didn't shoot down one of our planes and torture the crew?  How do we know that?
Come on, King.  That doesn't make sense.
Nobody's loyalty is beyond question.  Besides, how do we know one of his staff didn't see it?
But the code is made up by General Ripper, and he's the only one left at the base who would know the code.
There are plenty of traitors and spies running around loose.
Then get off my back!
Take it easy, Major Kong.
Lieutentant Zogg, how would you like your black butt slung into a General Court Martial when we get back???
Look, King, maybe you've lost too much blood, or something.
I said that's the point!
I don't get you, King.
That's the point.
Right.  So how could we get any messages?
The CRM-114 is smashed, right?
Like hell it does.
Then that settles it, doesn't it?
But the CRM-114 has been smashed for almost an hour.
Our orders warn us to expect the enemy to use ingenuity in issuing contrary and confusing orders.  And therefore, to disregard anything that doesn't come on the CRM-114.
Look, this is different.
Lieutenant Zogg, what do our orders say about the authentication of orders during an attack mission?
How the hell do I know?  Maybe the war's over.
Why should they call us back?
They must have gotten it from the base. No one else would know it.
You tell me.
Wait a minute, Major.  "OPE," that's the recall code.  Where would they get that?
Well, we sure as hell aren't going home just because the enemy tells us to.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
I mean pulling a stunt like that.
What do you mean?
You sure have to hand it to those guys.
No, I think it means, "Recall period Mistake," and the OPE is probably the CRM-114 code. Terry?
Recall what mistake?
No, look!  It's "OPE - Recall Mistake."
Quentin, how's your gear?
I don't know what we got left besides Bim and Bam.
Listen, give me a shot quick!
He's dead, all right.
Hell, he looks dead.
How do you know he's dead?
In the back...feels like an arrowhead.
Where'd they get you?
Sure!  Sure, I'm on my way.
I bit his jugular vein.  Now will you shut up and get up here???
What happened?
He's dead.
Can't "Ace" help you?
Lothar, get up here fast, and bring your First- Aid kit!  I'm hit kinda bad, I think.
Yes, Major.
Binky?
Everything still checks out okay.
Let's have a rundown on the damage, Lothar?
Master safety on.
All right, Lothat, that does it.  Master safety on now until bomb run.
Primary bomb is live.
Master Kong.
Master safety.
Check, ten thousand air burst.
Fusing for ten thousand air burst.
Seond safety.
Second safety.
First safety.
Release first safety.
Primary trigger switch.
Primary circuit is live.
As soon as I've checked over the route. About five minutes.  All right?
When do you want to arm the bomb for the primary, Major?
Check, all bomb circuits green.  Okay, Lothar.
Bomb doors circuit is green, bomb release circuit is green, bomb fusing circuit is green.
Check target approach.
Hellnno, Major.  I was just trying to think the thing through.
Are you saying our order don't make sense?
Well, if they hit us first, they've probably fired off their missiles and got their planes off the ground already.  We'll just be hitting empty real estate.
What's your point, Lothar?
Well, if there's a war, they must have hit us first.
That's what I said.
Our targets are a missile complex and an airfield - not cities, right?
Shoot, Lothar.
I've got one.
In about twenty minutes we start losing height to keep under coastal radar.  Cross in over the coast low-level, continue low- level on zig-zag legs to primary, and climb for bomb run.  Any questions?
Certainly not, sir.  When they go down into the mine, everyone else will still be alive.  They will have no shocking memories, and the prevailing emotion should be one of a nostalgia for those
But, look here, Von Klutz.  Won't this nucleus of survivors be so shocked, grief-stricken, and anguished that they will envy the dead, and indeed, not wish to go on living?
When they emerge, a good deal of present real estate and machine tools will still be recoverable, if they are moth-balled in advance.  I would guess they could then work their way back to our present gross national product within twenty years.
A special committee would have to be appointed to study and recommend the criteria to be employed, but off-hand, I should say that in addition to the factors of youth, health, sexual fertility, intelligence, and a cross-section of necessary skills, it would be absolutely vital that our top government and military men be included, to impart the required principles of leadership and tradition.
But who would be chosen?
It would not be difficult.  Nuclear reactors could provide power almost indefinitely. Greenhouses could maintain plant life. Animals could be bred and slaughtered. A quick survey would have to be made of all the suitable minesites in the country, but I shouldn't be surprised if several hundred thousand of our people could be accomodatedd. Every nation would undoubtedly follow suit.
Mister President, man is an amazingly adaptable creature.  After all, the conditions would be far superior to those, say, of the Nazi concentration camps, where there is ample evidence most of the wretched creatures clung desperately to life.
But they couldn't come out for a hundred years!
In a matter of weeks, sufficient improvements for a dwelling space could be provided.
Yes.  The radioactivity could not penetrate a mine some thousands of feet deep.
At the bottom of mines?
