Well, use your head, "Stalker Betty."
Oh for Chrissakes...  "White trash Betty."  I didn't realize the rules went into effect before we entered Safeway.
NO-GAH-BUH- NO!  Rule number two - NO NAMES!  NO GODDAMN NAMES, you retard!
Sorry, Kansas...
Hey!  Rule number one - never take off the mask!  Y'hear me!  No matter what happens, NEVER TAKE OFF THE MASK!
Look, it's really not my fault.
This is great - GREAT!  Now we have to enter the front door!
I just pulled and it - it came off.
Who are you - the goddamn Bionic Woman?!
You have three heart attacks and a half dozen strokes and tell me how much you wanna run up and down the stairs.  Shit - I forgot to pick up the cigarettes.
I can't believe your grandparents never come down here.
You piece-a-shit bug zapper!
What?!
Shut up, Cleo.  Di, how much do you need for an abortion?
Wait!  Did you say you are pregnant or you were pregnant... You had it, threw it out and you're gonna go back and dance all night!
Better enjoy it now.  'Cause tomorrow some little kid falls down a well and we're nothing but a distant memory.
Can you guys believe this?  We're like celebrities!
It's twins!!
Ahh!  Baby's got two heads!!!
Conan went to Harvard.
Forget it.  I've got a scholarship to Harvard hanging over my head.  I won't risk it.
And you know real cops aren't half as smart as Keanu.
Kansas is right.  We're like sisters -- we're closer than sisters.  And you don't turn your back on family.
Cleo!
I'm in, too.
You just became a statistic!
Holy shit.
Bye.
Thanks, Cleo.  See you tomorrow.
Di?  I just called to say that Conan talked about us again last night.
Hello?
I personally think of how Conan started as a writer, then became a...
My fault - What do we do that enables us to be as great as we are?
Use the bathroom, because the Port-a Potties on the field are gross.
Hee-hee-haaaa-weee worked it out.  Heee hee-haaa....
Is Jack upset that he can't be here?
It's off... I can't take the fighting, the back-stabbing, the open hostility. We're not acting like cheerleaders, we're acting like a bunch of sorority girls!
Di, we're sorry.  We...
Well...uh...they, y'know, uh... They had nicknames.
Cleo, I've already thrown up twice today - could you please get to any relevant part of the movie?
...He slices off the guy's ear, and I mean you see everything - the bloody pink hole where the --
Everything's fine.  I'm just having a little trouble keeping my frown upside down.
Di, are you okay?  We can skip the girl party this week.
Wayne Gretzky.
Another sex dream?
I've got to get that.  Relax.  I'll see you tomorrow.
WHAT?!  That's insane!!!  Why would I go to the police?
She thinks you went to the police.
Di, it's Luce.  Kansas just called and said she's going to "fuck me up!"  Then I heard coughing, a thud and Kansas had to go.  I think her Grandma had another heart attack.  Anyway, why does she want to "fuck me up?"
That's right.  Practice makes perfect. I'm practicing to have a baby right now. If we do a practice job, we'll not only get the experience, but also the extra money we need for guns!
-- We practice!  Sorry, Cleo.
Hee-hee-hee, haaaaa-that's it?  Hee-hee hee...
Okay, even with all our savings, it's still only six hundred fifty-four.
Of course - of course!  Hands in...
But, we have to make a smart plan!
Well...
So then this isn't crazy.  It's a sure bet.
... I don't know.  Probably not.
If you don't - can you still afford to go to Harvard?
No.
That's right.  So all we have to do is watch a bunch of movies and learn from their mistakes.
And they get caught!
C'mon, Luce, people do it in the movies all the time.
Look, I might be moody.  I might be gassy.  But I am perfectly sane.  Think about it.  In school, they tell us, "Dreams can come true."  Right?
Oh my G-d, I read about this!  It's called a "pregnancy insanity."  Quick, she needs a sitz bath --
"Positive" you're sure I'm not fat or "positive" I'm...
Positive.
You sure?
Oh G-d, I'm sorry... You're not really fat!  I was just saying that because, uh, I thought that's what you wanted me to say.
No I don't... I keep asking because I feel fat.
Look, you're fat, Diane.  You're fat, fat, fat!  Because you eat, eat, eat!  What?!  She keeps asking because she wants some honesty.
No...I've been pregnant.
Oh my G-d, you've been robbed!
Huh-ha-wha?  Ahh!  I'm under the ice!  I'm uh -- oh...man...  That was a weird one.
Diane?  Diane!
Jus some girlie things for the squad.
Oh... What are you working on?
That was gas, Sweetie.
...so although their dad said, "Don't get out of the car until I get back with help," they knew the sheriff's voice as he yelled.  "Run to my voice - and don't look back."  The twins did as he said, but at the last second they turned around and saw the escaped mental patient, bouncing their father's head on the top of the car!  Ah!  They jumped, Diane!  They jumped!
Diane, there's no excuse for not taking your pre-natal vitamins.  Now, if you guys were really friends, you'd remind her to take these.
Uh, Jack - look, I can explain...
Huh?  Oh Jesus...
If you reach for the stars, you're bound to get -- mm-Jack, pull over.
Mmm-hmmm...
I never knew you dreamed of working in a grocery store bank branch.  Baby, we are living the great American Dream!
Ah!  I almost forgot gas for the baby machine.  I'll grab your Snickers and get a place in line.
I know, but that was before.
But we agreed your job is running the baby machine...
Jack, I think I should get a job.
Me too!  Will it ever end?!  I love this lady!
Trix...
If you could be Count Chocula, Frankenberry or Trix the Rabbit, who'd you be?
Jack...
Like Cocoa Puffs.  Good.  Captain Crunch.  Bad.  Shreds the roof of your mouth.  I mean you hear, "Tricks are for kids!"  And you think, "I'm a kid, I guess they're for me."  But your baby brain's got no idea that Fruit Loops are, like, a million times better.  I'm going to save our kid all that pain.
But Di, all this food reminds me of how much I want to teach our baby.
Jack, sweetie, I'm only eating for two.
Oh, Jack...
Diane, I've loved you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kicked me in the head.
I sure do.
Y'think?
So, while we're knee deep in right now - and things seem pretty "stinky" - in the long run, we're going to grow strong from this.
Yeah.
I see a flower.  And y'know, even the most beautiful flowers still grow from dirt.
Spit from your dad?
Well, if I had to guess...  I'd say that was the sound of a mother saying good-bye to her little boy and hello to a young man who's going to be a daddy of his own...  Jack, do you know what I see here?
I don't know... And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table.
... so when your dad said, "I never want to see your "f-'in' faces again!" do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up?
Excuse me, Vendela, have you seen Diane? We're supposed to go to the homecoming dance tonight.
Hi, Jack.
Sorry.  My hands are tied.
...do not accept charity.  We are two young, able-bodied Americans.  We do not want a handout.  We want a hand-up. Give us food and we will be hungry tomorrow.  Give us corn - the kind you plant, not eat - and we'll grow our own food and... and, uh, then cut it, and - uh, y'know eat it!  Now, if you're interested in giving us a home loan, I will sit back down.  If not, have a nice day, Ma'am.
Uh, yes.  Yes you did.
No.  Wait!  Did I say Promise!  Cross-my heart and hope-to-die, stick-a-needle-in my-eye we'll never miss a payment?!
Let me explain something...
What?!  But all our paperwork's there. My school records, Jack's football records...
I'm sorry.
For a pack of cigs?  I use her food stamps.
Don't use big bills!
Just call me later.  I gotta get some smokes for Grandma.
Yeah, hold on.
That you?
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat since the beginning.
Remember, Kansas, every time you point a finger you've got three more pointing back at you.
It was Lucy!  Lucy went to the cops!
He Ikea'd us.
Oh no...
Hee-hee-h-wait a minute.  Hold on, now. What do we do before a big game?
Hey.  Eyes on your own belly!
We were told you could "fix us up."
NO!  Wait...um...  We're the A-squad from Lincoln High? So, uh...
Oh - okay, we ain't done with this... Those babies are gonna get a good start in life - with a real crib - one that costs a shit-load!  We're gonna learn how to rob a bank from the only people who really know how to do it - criminals!  I'm gonna visit my mom!
Oh, thank G-d!  I'm not just super fat!
Di, it's not your fault.  We all wanted to do this - for you... for ourselves.
It's all my fault.  I'm sorry I ever started this...
I'm sorry, Diane, but I'm not gonna watch my dreams fade away 'cause the Virgin Mary here thinks she's gonna get ideas from kiddie movies --
Kansas!
Lucy, do you know for sure you're going to get that scholarship?
Shut up.
And if the O.J. trial taught us anything, it taught us that in America, you can cut off someone's head and still be found innocent if you have enough money.  Your mom only shot a guy...
Stop, you're gonna make me cry.
Listen, Kansas, I know you dream of springing your mom some day...
You sure I'm not fat?
Uh, "no"... You're not fat.
"No" you're not sure or "No" I'm not fat?
He is the Great One...
Hat-trick?
We're here for you, Diane.
Madonna.
I'll just ask the question myself... "Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?"
Nope.  Sounds more like the first.
Well, I want to know what happened --
Anyway, last time I checked, you still had to have sex to have an orgasm.  And I know she ain't seen the lord on all fours - so I'm just saying.
Wrong number  Nooooooo!
Ooops, that's me -- gotta run!
No.  This is Diane.  I think you have the wrong number.
Kim-Lo?
Hello?
Oh thank Buddha it's you, Kim-Lo, I'm being held against my will, my civil rights have been violated and it took four days to make this one phone call...
Yeah?
Fern!  C'mere!  She's siphoning tanks - takes a sec to cap off the cyanide hose.
You're kidding.
My daughter's always dreamed of bein' a cheerleader.  Put her on your squad and I'll give you the guns.
Oh, why didn't you say.  For two-hundred I got a nice rubber band and a real sharp nail in back... I'll gift wrap it for you.  The deal is fifteen hundred. Cash.  Take it or leave it.
Hey, hey, hey.  C'mon you guys.  Obviously that's a little more than our budget will allow.  Basically, we're looking for something around two-hundred dollars.
Right.  That'll be fifteen hundred - cash.
Bullets?  No bullets!  Oh my gosh, these are just to scare people. Kinda like round-off, back handspring, whip back, double full.  You never really use it - you just want the opposing squad to know you've got it.
Bullets.
Ammo?
Okay.  How much ammo you reckon you'll need?
Well, we'll each probably want one - so let's make it five.  Five should do it.
I guess there's an exception to every rule.
Yeah?
Hold on...
...my Sunday School teacher says that in prison, women shove broom sticks up your...
Ooops, hold on a sec.
It wasn't like the prison we saw - all these women had to shave their heads because they got lice from the filthy lives they'd lived!  Oh G-d, I'm gonna be someone's bald bitch!
Hannah, we've...
We're dead!  They showed this prison movie to my youth group on Sunday.
Hello?
That's okay, Hannah.  It was silly to think we could learn to rob a bank from watching movies.  Sex - you can learn from movies.  But robberies?  There's no way.
Look, maybe I can watch a PG movie... I'll just say I'm counting dirty words for Sunday School.
Or that!  Look, you guys, I just want to provide a future for my baby.  I know my bank branch like the back of my puffy little hand.  I could open that safe in my sleep!
Or, I could get my own horse...
And Hannah, you could give your share to your church - or maybe buy one of those hungry little kids Sally Struthers advertises.
Don't Martha-fucking-Stewart me!  If you don't like it - you try being a pregnant teen!
You want us to help you pick up?
I know, Hannah.  Look, I'm not going to get an abortion.  I mean, I always planned to get married and have kids - I'm just going a little out of order. Kinda reminds me of another young lady who found herself "with child," unmarried, on a long road, with no place to sleep.  'Course, that was a long-long time ago.  But no matter what, she held her head high and said... "Pappa don't preach, I'm in trouble deep.  Pappa don't preach, 'cause I'm keepin' my baby.  Hey.  I'm gonna keep my baby." The great one...
I-I didn't mean to say "whore," Diane. I just hear it so much at church - it kinda came flying out of my head.
I-I'm sorry - can someone else please run the Ouija board?  It's creepy, it's wrong and it goes against the teachings of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
... Ja-ck B-ar-t-le-tt... Is Jack Bartlett interested in me?
You damn well better...
I'll get them before "Touched by an Angel," don't worry.
Then I'll throw a few more treats on the plate.  Where's my smokes?
Uh...Yeah, Grandma.  She doesn't mean that.  Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke.
You got that big retarded girl down there?
Thanks!  That'd be great.
Oh well, then I'll put some cookies at the top of the stairs for you gals.
Oh yeah, you caught us...
Are you girls talking about boys? Practicing kissing your hands?
Shit!  Yeah, Grandma.  Me and the squad.
Is that you down there?
Kansas?
Screw Lucy!
Maybe we can make a deal.
Oh please, we've all got bright futures ahead of us - we're not going to tell anyone.  Promise!
That's Itchy, alright.  How many y'need?
Definitely old.
She did, did she?  How is the old girl?
Yeah.  "Itchy" sent us.
Really...
All of you!
Bank branch!
Bank branch!
All of you!
Hey, I even took my parents' foster kid money.  Phillipe's gonna have to gather rice without pants this month.
Don't make me Jerry Lewis you guys for the rest.
'Cause I will Jerry Springer you faster than you can say "Fat-assed lesbian!"
Uh...maybe?
You sure you wanna go there?
Am I the only one who cares about this? At least I watched "Dog Day Afternoon!"
I'm only allowed "G" movies.
Wait a minute.  You watched the Apple fucking-Dumpling Gang?!
...so, while it's a laugh riot for the whole family, and Tim Conway is just about as funny as they come, especially when he goes...
But you're not married.
Oh my G-d!  I'm not first!
Hold up, hold up.  Any sentence that starts with "at church camp" ain't leading to the big "O."
Yeah.  This summer at church camp?  I'm pretty sure I had, y'know, an orgasm.
Well technically, I don't think I'm a virgin anymore.
Hannah, in order to get real answers from the netherworld, you've gotta have a Christian virgin run the board.  Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
Wait, Petunia.  Mommy's a little amped up - didn't get her yard time this morning.  Mink ain't my bitch.  She's a specialist... in banks.
Hey, don't "mouthy shit" me - I'm outta here.
What?!  Hush up, you mouthy little shit!
Oh, Jesus Christ, Mom!  Like my life ain't a great big pile-of-shit 'cause you're in here?  Now I have to add, "P.S. My mom's a dyke" too?
Kansas, I want you to meet someone special.
So you need my help?  Oh my G-d, this is like asking me for help with your homework.  Hey, Mink, c'mere!
I know, but we can't quite figure out how to, y'know, do it.
Well, shit-fire, Kansas, that's the sweetest goddamn thing ever...
I know - that's what I said too. Anyway, we want to help her get some money for the baby by robbing a bank.
Before you?  Whoo-hoo!
My best friend got pregnant.
Gee, I'll sit out this afternoon's coffee talk.  Whaddya want?
Okay, you can't tell anybody.
Now how the hell can I help you?
Your help.
My what?
I don't hate you.  I need your help.
So could half the women in here.  And I'd rather go out with a nice can... So watcha here for?  To say how much you hate me or how much your grandparents hate me...
They could kill you.
I know, but it keeps down the size of my can.
You shouldn't smoke so many of those.
Thank G-d.  I was starting to think I'd killed the wrong man.
Grandma and Grandpa sent you pictures of a neighbor girl.  They didn't want you to break out and come kidnap me.
I want to help.  I'm part of this squad...
What the hell do you want?
Stop it!  This is crazy!
I mean it.  I'm in.  This is the closest thing to a goddamn family that I've ever had.  If one of us needs something, we all do.
Virgin Mary musta snuck that one in.
...and sex dreams where you actually have an orgasm!
More proof God's a guy...
Diane, it says here you're going to have mood swings, uncontrollable gas.
