Not you.  You.  Tell me again.
Me?
Got it? Otis?
Yes, Mr. Luthor. The XK101 can travel anywhere in the world undetected. It also has a sensory device built into it so that it can detect any obstacle in its path and avoid it. It just goes around it or over it.  The XK101 never quits! It will not stop until it reaches its pre-targeted target!
One of them should've been you.
Yes, so, well, Werner would've gotten to that too but  --  --  but the XK101 flies only eight feet above the ground...well below the radar limit!  So what? We could have done that soon. We had ways to make people ta-- ways to avoid the radar. And this XK101  -- they think it's so smart that they keep it in 'missile silos' underground. Hah!  We kept many things underground.
--  thought about a rocket that carries a nuclear warhead in its nosecone and can strike with an impact of  --
Albert!
It's very simple, Otis.  Very simple, the XK101 rocket. It's nothing, forty years ago we in the Fatherland were working on this. Five more years, we would've had it. But then  --  --  that silly war...Why, my cousin Werner had already  --
And stop interrupting. his is the big scene.  Your finest hour! You rose to the challenge, baby! And you lost. That's the best part!
But Mr. Luthor, sir, I already  --
We're running out of smoke.
Ah! The guest of honor at last! And about time, too!
Otherwise, you're a Mongoloid idiot.  It's reasonable to assume that fragments of the planet were shot out into space by the force of the explosion, and  --
Thank you.
You're a great architect, Albert.
He's thirty-five years old.
That the planet blew up on May 23, 1937. That the rocket ship with the revolting little freak in it took three years to reach Earth. Ergo?
Shut up, apple-polisher.
Nobody else.
Ahhhh, my favorite part of the day. Who else could have thought of this aquarium?
Wonderful. Otis will go above and steal some Big Macs.
There's some slice American cheese...and...a half a bottle of club soda, I think.
I take the man out of Argentina - and it was no picnic finding him y'know? And what does he think about? Bunkers. Still living in the past, when I am about to realize the greatest real estate scheme in the history of the world!
Bunkers!
You'll be designing monuments soon, Albert! Hotels! Palaces!
Stop saying you know when I say 'y'know.' I know you know.  Yes, I know you're here, Otis. What do you want, a brass band?
I know, but  --
It's for that piece she's doing on women and competition. She's off to the Women's Western Golf Classic.
What's she doing in California?
She's in California. That's wild enough, I guess.
Lois isn't here?
You and Lois, you get all the action.  There she is, out in the wild West and everything.
It was hot, yes.
A hot story, huh?
I've been on the job.
You'd better get a new alarm clock. The chief has been hollering for you.
I will.
Keep warm now.
North. It's north
Do you know where you're headed?
I know son, I know...
Mother...
He's a good man, Ben is. Your father always said so.
I talked to Ben Hubbard this morning. He'll be more than glad to bring in the crops on shares.
I know.
Mom...
Anyway, we Kent's don't like showoffs, ain't that so? A body's got to be humble even if he knows that he's better'n his neighbors.
Don't worry, Mom. I know.
I know you're a good boy, Clark. No mother could ask for better. It's just that...
No, Mom. You know I wouldn't break my promise.
Clark...Son...that...thing you did with the Sheriff today... those...stunts...you don't do those things at school, do you?
Yes, but I'm the only one who knows him. I  --  I really like the guy. And he likes me.  I think. I mean, I could talk to him, you know? And he could talk to me.  Anytime...
You're not the only one.
Oh, what a chance! If I could just  --  get to him.
No thanks.
It isn't that I still don't like you, Clark. It's just that...well, once you've had something like that happen to you, it kind of changes a girl.  I'm going to make some coffee. You want some?
Super...man. Hmmm...
They will once I hang it on him in tomorrow's edition.
Is that what they're calling him?
Superman.  Pretty good name for him, isn't it?
What'd you call him?
Of this...Superman.
Jealous? Of what?
You're just jealous.
I don't know, Lois, but I do know a fraud when I hear one. This thing goes against all natural laws.
Why would he do that? How would he know I was going to suddenly slip.
Look, there was probably a trampoline on the roof somewhere and this joker just took a big bounce.
He grabbed me! He held me! He set me down gently! How could that be done with mirrors?
Mirrors, then. It's done with mirrors.
There weren't any wires. I looked.
It was done with wires. They must have rigged him like they do with Peter Pan.
Clark Kent, if you had only seen it the way I did, you -
Oh sure. A man flies in the sky like a pigeon and it wasn't a trick.
It wasn't a trick!
You were probably so scared you didn't look to see what the trick was.
I'm telling you, I was there.
Come again?
Not unless you can fly.
Can I take you to the airport?
Lois, you should see what the inside of your lungs look like.
There's no real proof that tobacco  --
No. I'm just thinking that you smoke too much, if you don't mind my saying so.
For what? Oh, I've see the way the other half lives. My sister, for instance. it looks terrific, but is that what I really want? Three kids, two cats, and fifteen needlepoint pillows? I'd go bananas after one week. Hell, I need this crazy existence of mine.  Like I need the plague, right? That's what your thinking.
Don't you ever give up?
It's not what you think. Darn it. I'm going out on a story. The Secretary of Defense is landing at the airport tonight and this kid's going to be there to make sure he answers a few questions he'd rather duck.
Oh.
Thanks, Clark, but I'm booked for the night.
Oh, not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and --  --  unless...would you be interested in dinner?
Big night coming up?
Huh?
What now, my love?
I just took a shot at it.
You described the exact contents of my purse.
Know what?
Supposing that man had hurt you? Is it worth risking your life over ten dollars, two credit cards, and a lipstick? I mean, it's not as if --
You're great with the advice, Clark. Maybe you'd better take over the lovelorn column.
It isn't worth getting a heart attack over, Lois.
Oh, for God's sake!
He may have a gun!
Stop him, Clark!
What the  --  !
Hey!
Not in Metropolis it isn't. This is the home of the sneak attack, the stab in the back, the --
Unbelievable.
See? Didn't I tell you this was a tough town?
'Swell.' When  was the last time I heard anybody say  -  where are you from , anyway?
But otherwise it's swell.
Some people aren't the athletic type.
I think I lost a week's salary at the dart board.
Well, how are you enjoying your first day on the job?
Not really, no.
Are there any more at home like you?
Not really, no.
Not...gray.
Actually, she's silver-haired.
I know. He sends a check every week to his dear gray-haired old mother.
No.
Your bookie?
Hey, you're getting a better class of people in your office these days, Boss.
I'll bet you have some good ideas.
Well!
I'd like to.
Okay.  Take me to your leader.
What can I tell you? He's my leader.
Look, lady, you saved my life once. I owe you a favor. But I can't understand why you follow a man like that.
Oh.
Sure, and let the plane crash in the middle of the city.
Couldn't we forget the plane? You could lift me in your big strong arms?
I'd better get you down.
The way you describe him doesn't really do him justice.
The bald man! The one who tried to kill me?
He wants to see you. Lex Luthor.
Besides that.
Screaming
What are you doing here?
Help! I mean  --  I can't stop saying it. Silly, isn't it  -  There's nothing to worry about. Help! See.
You! The girl from the volcano!  Kryptonite...
You too.  I just...I can't get it on for good guys. Y'know?
Listen...thank you.
Of course I can. I love you.
You can't do this to me!
What other one?
I mean the other one!
I'm wearing it.
Good. Fine. Now where's my parachute?
Miss Teschmacher, Superman is a fairly bright individual. My understanding of the way he works is that he won't be fooled by a simple trick.
Where's mine?! Where's my parachute?
Lex is going bye-bye.
Danger??  Somebody??? Lex  -- where are you going?
He always shows up when somebody's in danger.
What if he doesn't show up? What if he's taking a nap?
You got wax in your ears?
Tea?
Nothing, nothing. I just want to invite him to tea.
What are you going to do to him?
Not exactly. But it's his kind of neighborhood.
Oh. Why? does he live up here?
I didn't bring any  --
Your volcano chum? Your junior life-saving buddy?  Let's get high.
This all has something to do with Superman, doesn't it?
Yours not to reason why, Miss Teschmacher. Relax! Enjoy it!  Just look at that smog!
I don't understand.
Baby -- I'm going to take you higher.
A night on the town instead of under it?
She knows. Clever, very clever.  And unappreciated. But I'm going to take you away from all this.
I know...
You've been under such a strain. And I've ...I've --  -- neglected you. Mea culpa! Y'know.
I knew you'd hit me.
Hit you? A clever girl like you?  'He turned slowly, slowly in the lava...' was how you described it. Now that's clever.  I have to hand it to you.
You're not going to hit me?
Something you can feed the pets, perhaps?  Let's have it.
There was a recipe on the back  --
No news is not good news. Y'know
You have two minutes and thirty- two seconds.
You?! How about me?
Don't let me down.
Nothing.
But if I put my leg out like Claudette Clobert in  --
They stop for nothing.
Ready.
Ready?
Is that an innuendo, Miss Teschmacher? Because if it is, you are about to experience the heady thrill of being hurled from a moving vehicle.
You ever try to run in high heels?  You probably did.
Weak sister.  I still can't figure out why it took so long for you to catch up with us after we all ran out. Y'know?
I don't like to talk about it, Lex.
About Vesuvius. About Superman writhing in the bowels of the volcano.  Ahh, the look on his face when he saw that Kryptonite. When will I see another, y'know? Y'know?
The least we can do is leave him another door jam.
What do you suggest, my dear?
We just take it?
The door jam, Miss Teschmacher. This Ethiopian shmendrick here, in his simple, unconscious way, needed something to wedge the door open, the better to inhale the flies that form such an  important part of his diet. So he grabs something from the table...
You're not going to tell us why you're happy, are you?
La de da da...
You're happy, aren't you?
I will as soon as I get the sand out of my nose.
Breathe that air, Miss Teschmacher.
No, you're going to get kissed,
I know I'm going to get rapped in the mouth for saying this, but so what?
Tune me in , lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock.
I don't mean to denigrate your misspent youth, Lex, but what does that rock have to do with --
Ahh. 'National Geographic." In my day, this made 'Playboy" look like Mother Goose.
Bingo!
Meteorites!
Deductive reasoning, my friends! That's the name of the game. What does it say here?
Mr. Romance...
Stay and listen!  Besides, it's twelve in the afternoon. This is no time to go to bed.
I'm going to bed.
See? I see. It's you who don't see. Doesn't see. I cannot believe it! How you people fail to grasp the long-range significance of this! Y'know?
See?
Exactly, Miss Teschmacher.
I read the article.
Some people can read 'War and Peace' and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Other people can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and come away with the secret of the universe.  Y'know.
Krypton? The place where Superman comes from?
Krypton!
When it gets to seventy-five below, stabilize it.
Fifty degrees below and still falling.
What's the temperature now?
Place your bets, ladies and gentlemen.,
Damn!  This will get him.
I didn't say a word.
Shut up.
You're on.
Bet he makes it.
Tough guy, huh?
Nuts. He made it.
He's from another world.
You think he's for real?
I needed this, Y'know? I really needed this. just when I'm nearing the fruition of my project, Big Bird flies into town.  Go ahead! Kill me by inches! Put me on the agony rack!
First the pets, Otis.
Again???
What about dinner? I have to worry about the crime of the century, that's all. Y'know? Am I supposed to worry about what's in the refrigerator, too?  What's in it?
Speaking of feeding things, what about dinner?
Even that would be an improvement.
You'll be seeing stars in a minute, Miss Teschmacher. y'know?
Streets, Sunlight. When was the last time I saw sunlight.
Criers and complainers! That's what I get! Moaners and groaners! Me, Lex Luthor, who figured out how to live in luxury without ever paying one cent in taxes. Lex Luthor, who built this fantastic kingdom under the sea, so to speak, hidden and undetected by the fools who eke out their miserable lives on the streets above.
So I've noticed.
Compared to what came before? A year of living in the sewers?  A part of that will always be with me.
This??
I know that. Bu tin this case he was right. Arnold 'Buster' Luthor, the most inept check forger of his time --  A pity he didn't live to see his son strike out for the big city. A pity he didn't live to see how, from humble beginnings, I created an empire.
Your father was a sick weirdo.
My father always said to me, 'Son, don't invest your money in anything but land. Land! Stocks rise and fall, banks fall, people are no damn good, but they'll always need land and for that they'll pay through the nose. 'Remember that ,' my father said. 'Land."
Why does it all mean so much to you? All the time, 'land, land, land.'
So it's six hundred feet below Park Avenue, It's still a Park Avenue address.
It isn't a Park Avenue address. really.
Me and my real estate? How  many other girls, Miss Teschmacher, are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this?
You and your real estate.
Neither my wife nor I will attempt to leave Krypton.
Will you abide by the Council's opinion?
If you persist, you leave us no choice.
As an irredeemable criminal? You compare me to them?
And if I don't obey?
This discussion is terminated. The decision of the council is final.  You will cease pursuing this matter. Any attempt by you to continue, to create a climate of fear and panic among the populace, will be deemed an act of insurrection!
I have sworn to uphold the laws of Krypton.
But so is Vond-El
Then -
You are one of Krypton's greatest scientists Jor-El -
My friends, I am not a rash, impulsive person. I'm not given to wild, unsupported 	statements. We must evacuate this planet immediately!
Jor-El, Be warned. This tone of yours approaches insolence.
But you can't ignore these facts!  It's suicide!  Worse than that, it's genocide.
On the salary he pays me, I can't make my rent without it.
Need I ask who's favored to collect at the end of this week.
It's because I'm an intrepid girl reporter, Jimmy.  Besides, the chief of detectives has the hots for me.
How come you get all the good stories, Lois?
Gets you where you live, huh?
Boy!
'And the people on the street, the little man who runs the corner newsstand, the old lady sunning herself on the stoop the kids playing stick ball -- none of them will ever forget the night of senseless bloodletting that turned a friendly block part into a nightmare.' 
Two.
an Ode to Spring. are there one or two "T's" in bloodletting?
What're you writing, Lois?
I bless the day you came to us, son. You know that. But some people wouldn't understand.
What your mother means, Clark, is that she don't want folks to think you're special.
Oh, dear. That isn't what I --
Don't brag now,  Jonathan.
Got all A's this year. Teacher said he's the best 5th grader in the -
We don't want a child called 'Junior,' ain't that so, Clark? Why sure it is.
Who? Clark? I never cared two hoots for that fella.  Jonathan Jr. That's got a ring to it.
I was thinkin' what to call him. I was thinkin' I had an uncle who was a fine man, you recall him? The Church Sexton
Guess I'd better hitch up the rig and come back to get that...that thing he was settin' in. What do you make of that thing? Martha? You listening?
We'll say he's a child to my cousin in North Dakota, and just now orphaned.  Poor thing.
Folks'll ask question.
All these years, happy as we've been, how I prayed and prayed He'd see fit to give us a child. And just when I finally accepted my bitter lot...  No one must ever know.
He sure as heck does that.
The good lord works in mysterious ways.
All of us.
Well - gotta change that tire if were gonna get home.
Don't just stand there gapin' Jonathan. Can't you see he's cold?
What's your name, boy?
It's a ...baby.
Then you have on of those 'feelings.' It was called: 'love.'
I want to know what my child is going to face.
You've been doing some research in the archives.
Well, physiologically, he...	won't quite fit.
He will be odd, different.
Yes, true. But on other worlds there would be other problems - heat, cold, no life, no life support systems...No, Lara, believe me; Earth is the least of evils. On Earth, his lighter gravity will render him almost weightless - that can't be helped. But with his denser molecular structure, he will also be strong.  He will be fast, He will be virtually invulnerable.
He'll be weightless.
Their atmosphere will sustain him. He will look like one of them.
A million years behind us.  Jor-El, he's only a baby.
They are primitive, Lara, but they are not animals.
But why Earth, Jor-El. They're practically animals.
Lara, please...
-- as we will be.
It's the only logical conclusion. If he remains here, he'll be as dead as...
And it is forbidden for you to interfere with human history. All you can do, Kal-El, even now that you have...found yourself...is help them to evolve. Set an example. Show them they must strive towards the light. And... remember us...
There are none of them any good anyway.
Or twenty-four as it is in Earth time. Furthermore, if you will reveal yourself, your enemies will have a way of getting at you where you are vulnerable: by hurting the people you care for.  Ah, this Earth...this world you live in, Kal-El...  Resist its temptations, its rewards, especially its political system.
Twenty-four.
....to feel yourself. Very well. You are revealed to the world. But still you must keep your secret identity. First of all, you will need it as an escape valve. You cannot be special twenty-eight hours a day -
How good it felt -
How good it felt!
No! You couldn't imagine -
My son, I foresaw this. I knew -
I guess I got carried away
Enjoyed it?
I don't know what to say.  Look, I -- I just -
Whoever comes up with that will make Woodward and Bernstein look like Abbot and Costello.
He is. Usually.
If one of you can get that  -- I mean, I want the real Superman. Who is he? Where's he from? What's his favorite ball team? What's up?
I was going to say that there's only one 'p' in subpoena. What the hell did you major in at Radcliffe? Middle English?  Nice job on the teamster's update, Kent.
Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize, I know.
Lois, the kickback story...
Okay, but...why?  No offense.
Lois, take Kent there and introduce him around
It does, huh?  Clark Kent, I'd like you to meet Lois Lane.
Here's the story on that East 19th Street murder spree. Page one with a banner headline seems about right to me.
Well, I was born on a planet your scientists don't know too much about. It's in the Xeno Galaxy. Or it was. It was called Krypton. That's K-R-Y-P...
Where do you hail from?
Very much.
Do you like pink?
Sure.
Can you actually fly faster than the speed of sound?
Pink.
What color underwear am I wearing?
Only when somebody shoots them at me.
Do bullets really bounce off you?
Yes. Although I can get a headache just like anyone.
Is it true you're impervious to pain?
Uh-huh.
Can you really see through anything?
What about it?
What about this X-Ray vision of yours?
195 pounds.
How much do you weigh?
Thirty-five.
How old are you?
It's not bad.
It must feel great.
The reason I can fly is because my molecular structure is so constituted that I have a lighter density under Earth's gravitational force.
Oh.
I wouldn't do that. It's against the law.
Well, I mean it's not everybody that can deliver an air mail letter without putting a stamp on it.
I guess they are a little odd.
I didn't mean that in any pejorative way.
You think they're strange?
Okay. Let's start with these strange powers of yours.
Ask, You're the girl reporter.
Oh.  Well, where do we start?
I'd appreciate it if you didn't smoke.
Oh, I've got to get some matches.  My cigarette.
Not exactly. He's kind of a rewrite man. Actually, he's a bit dull, if you know what I mean.
Who's Clark? One of your colleagues?
If I do, you can punish  me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks.  This is fantastic! I wish Clark were here.
I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me.
Well...flashlight?
Unlisted number, Shall we proceed?
This is incredible. I was just sitting here trying to figure out how to contact you. I mean, you don't have an answering service, right?
There's been a lot of confusion in the media about who I am and what I'm up to and all that. I'd like to set the record straight. With your help.
The answer is yes. Now what's the question?
I came to talk to you.
Wha'...what are you doing here?
Right on the first guess.
Superman???
Not a chance. It's too nice a night.
With my luck, now it'll rain.
Let's just say I'm a friend.  And watch yourself from now on with those things, Okay?  I mean if the good lord wanted people to fly he would have given them wings.
Who...who...
Not while I'm around you're not. C'mon...
Oh, God! I'm going to die!
Do as I say. Let go!
You've got me? Who's got you???
Easy now, miss, I've got you???
Good enough for you. Now then --  --  tell me something I like to hear. As many times as I hear it...
Sort of.
Ah, dear simple Otis. Albert explain it to him.
I still don't get it.
Oh, Mr. Luthor...
Cleaning a rock, Otis?  Jot it down. As soon as we're back, he feeds the pets.
Maybe it's being polished or something. Maybe they're cleaning it.
They're killing me by inches!  Go ahead! Make me suffer! Milk me dry.
It's a Twinkie, boss.
Well, gents? What did I tell you? It's a piece of cake.
Will kill him! And I'm going to have a piece of the rock! Miss Teschmacher, pack your --
You mean bullets and fire and all that can't hurt him, but this kind of rock --
But, to someone from the planet Krypton, this substance would be lethal because of its high level of radioactivity. Kryptonite! Ah, Kryptonite! That's the stuff!
Y'know? I'm sure of it. Y'know? And there's a strong streak of goody- goody in him that is going to blow this deal for me if I don't do something about it.  Something!
It is for me.
Is that real enough for you?
Otis...
Please...
I guess I...uh...regressed.
And now he lies to me. He has been stealing ladies' purses again.  Haven't you? Haven't you, you miserable petty crook?
I...uh...check.
I gave him this new face.
I'll never forget you for that, Mr. Luthor.
I gave him steady employment --
I'll always be grateful, Mr. Luthor.
I broke the man out of prison --
Otis, were you up to your old tricks?
Matter? With me? Nothing's the matter.
What's the matter, Otis?
Excellent, Otis.  But what took you so long?
Did I do good, Mr. Luthor?
Not there!  A pine tree in Death Valley? Idiot! This is for the North Woods section!
There.
Yessir. Just what you wanted.
Now then, Otis. Did you get what I asked for?
No speeches, Otis. Just watch what Albert has prepared.  What are you waiting for?
I...uh...
We'll see how fast I can fly.
Now who's the dreamer, Superman? Even you can't fly that fast!
For the first time today, Superman I must tell you that you're wrong.  But how could you know that -  Oh, well. I guess I could tell you now. Y'see, actually...but this conversation is becoming rather dry, isn't it.
Well, it's very impressive but you built this junk for nothing.
In a way  -- oh, it'll be a relief. I'm a wreck. No rest for the wicked, y'know. It wasn't enough, the radio frequencies, then I had to worry about getting to the missile and adjusting the aiming. So that if I could have activated the launch  -- well, Lex Luthor would've hit the spot.  There's a little place on Route 190. Dead on the practice optimum stress point of the San Andreas Fault. It wouldn't mean much to you, Superman, but I call it...target zero.  Pancho's Taco Palace...
They'll soon be over.
Well, that's their problem, T.S. But  --  but the XK 101 also works on a radio wave control system. The problem was to find out the frequency. Problems, problems, I've had so many...
You guessed it!  You're always one step ahead of me.  Aren't you Superman?  Yes, right. There was a police helicopter buzzing the area and transmitting on the same frequency as the garage doors. The minute the signal went out --  Zip!  Zip!  Zip!
Luthor  --
And garbage doors.
On radio waves?
Still, foolishly, perhaps, I had a theory that eliminates the Presidential push-button.  I was doing my homework...
I know. I know.  I never promised myself a rose garden.
The XK 101. Luthor, that operates on radio waves. And with our fail-safe system, only the President himself can push that button.
You're right, you're right, Superman. There were wrinkles to iron out. But, well...  ...there is this new rocket, the XK 101.
It wouldn't hurt. You can't go on living in fantasies. Did you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb? And drop it?  Why, our Strategic Defense boys would have  --
Maybe I should get help.
It would never have worked, Luthor. You are a dreamer  --  a sick, twisted dreamer.
--  Dropped into the sea!  Bye-bye California! Hello, new West Coast! Gold Coast! My Coast.  And now...well...  I left my heart in San Francisco...
Nice! Most of California would have been destroyed. Millions of people would've been killed! The West Coast as we know it would have  --
Couldn't have said it better myself.  Now all this  --  --  west of the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. San Francisco. And here  --  --  is just hundreds and hundreds of miles of cheap desert land. Land that happens to be owned by Lex Luthor Enterprises. Well...  ...call me a fool, but ...it did occur to me that if a conventional five hundred megaton bomb were to explode at exactly the proper stress point --  --  that would trigger the upheaval that would cause the San Andreas Fault to 'do its thing.'  Ah, it would've been so nice, y'know...
Sure. It's the joining together of two land masses pushed together eight million years ago. The fault line itself is unstable and always shifting, which is the reason you get earthquakes in the California area from time to time.
At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of it.
Right, right. Where was I? Ah, yes --
Of time, Luthor.
It's just that  --  I spent a fortune on these things!  And all for naught! What a waste  --
No, Superman, of course not. You do get around, don't you.
I don't need a geography lesson, Luthor.
This is California. The richest, most populous state in America. And growing like a sonofagun.
Oh, that. Listen  --  you're busy  --  and it's a long story --
Plenty! About 'The Crime of the Century,' Remember?
Well  --  you've got me! What can I say?
But...why?
Makes Cecil B. DeMille look like the Senior Class play, right?
What is this??!
