You're not FBI agents.
Well, we're FBI agents.
We don't even know you.
I think you better tell us.
You're not supposed to talk about it? Who told you that?
Not supposed to talk about it.
Yeah.
Do you live around here?
Sorry. Don't have one.
Why don't you go home to the old lady --
Does what?
I think that about does it, Spooky.
What do I do.  I'm a key figure in an ongoing government charade. An annoyance to my superiors. A joke among my peers. "Spooky," they call me. Spooky Mulder. Whose sister was abducted by aliens when he was a kid. Who now chases little green men with a badge and a gun, shouting to the heavens and anyone who'll listen that the fix is in. That our government's hip to the truth and a part of the conspiracy. That the sky is falling and when it hits it's gonna be the shitstorm of all time.
What do you do?
A woman?  Work.
Yup.
Poopy day?
Me?
I need your clothes, Byers.
They took her --
You called 911. Except the call was intercepted.
Scully had a violent reaction to a bee sting --
When was that?
They gave you a craniotomy to relieve the pressure from a subdural hematoma. But you've been unconscious since they brought you in.
Penetration but not perforation.
You were shot in the head. The bullet broke the flesh on your right brow and glanced off your temporal plate.
What am I doing here?
Most of what I find in here is lacking a coherent picture of an organization with an attributable motive. I realize you're very lucky to be alive Agent Scully. The ordeal you've endured has clearly affected you -- though the holes in your account leave this panel with little choice but to delete these references from our final report to the Justice Department. Until which time hard evidence becomes available that would give us cause to pursue such an investigation.
No, they don't.
Well...where would you like me to start? Antarctica is a long way from Dallas, Agent Scully. I can't very well submit a report to the Attorney General that alleges the links you've made here. Bees and corn crops do not quite fall under the rubric of domestic terrorism.
What is it you find incredible?
Agent Mulder.
Working with?
I hope to. We're working to develop this evidence --
Nothing completely conclusive --
And you have conclusive evidence of this? Something to tie this claim of yours to the crime --
Yes. I know.
-- those are very serious allegations, Agent Scully --
That the bombing in Dallas may have been to destroy the bodies of those firemen, so their deaths and the reason for them wouldn't have to be explained --
Are you going to let us in on what exactly you're trying to prove --
Yes.
You've been back to Dallas?
Evidence of what?
I apologize for making you wait -- I've brought some new evidence with me --
Special Agent Scully --
They seemed to buy our story about the Hanta virus. You'll make sure the families are taken care of financially, along with a sizeable donation to the community.  Maybe a small roadside memorial.
Of what?
Tell them he was trying to save the young boy's life, and that he died heroically like the other firemen.
This man's family will want to see the body laid to rest.
Incinerate it. Like the others.
And if it's unsuccessful?
No. No...we need to try our vaccine on it.
Do you want me to destroy this one, too? Before it gestates?
The developing organism is using his life energy, digesting bone and tissue. We've just slowed the process.
How can this be?
Technically and biologically, though he'll never recover.
This man's still alive.
Heat, I think. The coincident invasion of a host, the fireman, and an environment that raised his basic body temperature above ninety eight point six.
Brought on by what?
We brought the atmosphere back down to freezing in order to control the development, which is nothing like we've ever seen.
Yes.
You've got something to show me.
Kurtzweil, we think.
Who?
Mulder was in Dallas when we were trying to dispose of evidence. He's gone back there again. Someone has tipped him.
Do they know?
There are complications.
My lateness may have well been absence. A course has already been taken.
Into what?
Its effect on the host has changed. The virus no longer just invades the brain as a controlling organism. It's developed a way to modify the host body.
Strughold. He's just gotten on a plane in Tunis.
Who called this meeting?
Is it an emergency?
We have a situation. The members are assembling.
Yes.
No. Don't bother.
You want a call if we turn up Kurtzweil?
Yeah, I had an appointment for a pelvic examination.
You looking for him for some other reason?
Selling naked pictures of little kids over his computer.
What's that?
Feds are looking for him, too.  Real nice business he's got, huh?
Looking for him for what?
I'm looking for him.
You got some kind of business with him?
Is this Dr. Kurtzweil's residence?
Show you right on a map.
You said you knew the location of the archeological site where these were found.
No. Just fossils, far as I know.
Have you examined them?
Some bone fragments came up in the sift this morning. We thought there'd been another fatality, but we found out FEMA had recovered them from an archeological site out of town.
Was there anything in those offices that didn't go to D.C.?
We weren't expecting to find those remains, of course. They went right off to Washington.
I'm looking for anything out of the ordinary. Maybe something from the FEMA offices where the bodies were found.
And why do you think it is you're standing here talking to me? These people don't make mistakes, Agent Mulder.
Your ass? I just got chased across Texas by two black helicopters.
You'd be shit out of luck if not for me. You saw what you saw because I led you to it. I'm putting my ass on the line for you.
You're a liar. You lied to me to gather information for you. For your goddamn books. Didn't you?
I told you -- he and I were old friends --
You didn't know my father --
I've been using you?!
You've been using me --
Yeah, well I don't have them all.
You told me you had answers.
Your guess?
That would be my guess.
A transportation system. Transgenic crops. The pollen genetically altered to carry a virus.
What do you think?
What did it look like?
-- You saw this experiment?
I'm not sure. A virus --
What?
Yes. On the Texas border. Some kind of experiment. Something they excavated was brought there in tanker trucks.
You found something?
You can't.
How can I reach you?
Something's gone wrong -- something unanticipated. Go back to Dallas and dig. Or you're only going to find out like the rest of the country, Agent Mulder. When it's too late.
And they tell me I'm paranoid.
I think you know. The timetable has been set. It will happen on a holiday, when people are away from their homes. When our elected officials are at their resorts or out of the country. The President will declare a state of emergency, at which time all federal agencies, all government will come under the power of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA, Agent Mulder. The secret government.
Negotiating with whom?
The plague to end all plagues, Agent Mulder. A silent weapon for a quiet war. The systematic release of an indiscriminate organism for which the men who will bring it on still have no cure. They've been working on this for fifty years. While the rest of the world was fighting gooks and commies these men have been secretly negotiating a planned Armageddon.
A plague?
What killed those men can't be identified in simple medical terms. My god, we can't even wrap our minds around something as obvious as HIV. We have no context for what killed those men, or any appreciation of the scale in which it will be unleashed in the future. Of how it will be transmitted; of the environmental factors involved.
I'll know soon enough.
What killed them I won't even write about. I tell you, they'd do more than just harass me. They have the future to protect.
What killed those men?
When we were young men in the military, your father and I were recruited for a project. They told us it was biological warfare. A virus. There were rumors about its origins.
What was it?
Are you saying it wasn't such a small outbreak?
And are you familiar with FEMA? What the Federal Emergency Management Agency's real power is? FEMA allows the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency. To create a non-elected government. Think about that.  What is an agency with such broad sweeping power doing managing a small viral outbreak in suburban Texas?
It was a deadly virus spread by field mice in the Southwest U.S. several years ago.
According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder?
You said the firemen and the boy were found in the temporary offices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Why?
I picked up the historical document of the venality and hypocrisy of the American government. The daily newspaper.
How?
I was right about Dallas. Wasn't I, Agent Mulder?
I don't either, but it sure sells books.
Dr. Kurtzweil, I'm not interested in bigoted ideas about race or genocide. I don't believe in the Elders of Zion, the Knights Templar, the Bilderburg Group or in a oneworld Jew run government --
You know my work?
You mean that apocalyptic trash you write? I knew your name was familiar. I just didn't know why.
For what? Because I'm a dangerous man. Because I know too much about the truth.
They want to discredit you -- for what?
What is it? Kiddie porn again? Sexual battery of a patient? I've had my license taken away in three states.
Not according to the men in blue.
See this bullshit...? Somebody knows I'm talking to you.
Do you?
I think you're full of shit.
And one little boy.
You're saying they destroyed an entire building to hide the bodies of three firemen...?
Michaud was a patriot. The men he's loyal to know their way around Dallas. They blew that building to hide something. Maybe something even they couldn't predict.
Michaud was a twenty-two year veteran of the bureau --
That's what I'm saying.
Before the bomb went off?
Those people were already dead.
No. They put the bomb in the building across the street because it DID have federal offices. The Federal Emergency Management Agency had a provisional medical quarantine office there. Which is where the bodies were found. But that's the thing...
The Federal Building was too well guarded.
What's the question nobody's asking? Why that building? Why not the Federal Building?
He just let it explode.
S.A.C. Darius Michaud never tried or intended to defuse the bomb.
And what's that?
Well, if you've got something to tell me, you've got as long as it takes me to hail a cab...
I came on my own. After reading about the bombing in Dallas.
Who sent you?
I'm a doctor, but I think I mentioned that. OB-GYN.
You a reporter?
Heard you come here now and again. Figured you'd be needing a little drinky tonight.
How'd you find me?
Old friend of your father's.
I know the name. Why?
My name's Kurtzweil. Dr. Alvin Kurtzweil.
Yeah, I did.
You follow me out here for a reason?
No. I've been watching your career for a good while. Back when you were just a promising young agent -- before that.
Do I know you?
Standing around holding your yank while bombs are exploding.
How's that?
Yes you can. You're going to make it, Scully.
I can't go any farther.
You got me. But I think I know what they did with Jimmy Hoffa.
Where are we?
We've got to keep moving.
Hang on. I'm going to get you out of here.
Cold...
I've got no allergy. Something... this... Mulder... I think... I think you should call an ambulance.
Scully --
No -- it's --
I think you're in anaphylactic shock --
...my pulse feels thready and I've got a funny taste in the back of my throat.
Something's wrong...  I'm having -- lancinating pain -- my chest. My... motor functions are being affected. I'm...
Scully...
I think... something stung me.
What? What happened?
You saved me, Scully.  As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole. I owe you so much, Scully, and you owe me nothing.  I don't want to do this without you. I don't know if I can. If I quit now, they win.
Why was I assigned to you? To debunk your work. To reign you in. To shut you down.
You don't Mulder -- you've never needed me. I've only held you back.  I've got to go.
I need you on this, Scully --
I'm contacting the state board Monday to file medical reinstatement papers --
Just like that --
I have. I did. It's done.
After what you saw last night -- after all you've seen -- you can't just walk away --
You're on the verge, Mulder -- please don't do this to me --
We're close to something here -- we're on the verge --
I can, Mulder. I debated whether or not to even tell you in person, because I knew --
You can't quit, Scully.
I already gave Skinner my letter of resignation.
Salt Lake City, Utah. Transfer effective immediately.
What? What's wrong?
I don't know.
Where'd they go?
Come on!
What are you doing?
Run.
Yeah...?
Scully....?
Maybe. Maybe not.
I hear the humming. Like electricity. High voltage maybe.
You hear that?
For the purpose of what?
Cool in here. Temperature's being regulated.
Not unless those are giant Jiffy Pop containers out there.
Any thoughts on why anybody'd be growing corn in the middle of the desert?
Very weird.
This is weird, Mulder.
I have no idea.
What do you think it is?
Pounding down some dirt road in the middle of the night. Chasing some elusive truth on a dim hope, only to find myself standing right where I am right now: at another dead end --
Been where?
I don't believe this. I don't fucking believe this.  Y'know, I've been here... I've been here one too many times with you, Mulder.
It may be extraterrestrial.
Mulder --
This virus -- it... 
What do you mean by haul?  What are you not telling me here?
Yeah, well they may this one.
They haul gas in tanker trucks, they haul oil in tanker trucks -- they don't haul viruses in tanker trucks.
That bomb in Dallas was allowed to go off, to hide something: bodies infected with a virus you detected yourself.
-- of what exactly?!
We're not chasing trucks, we're chasing evidence --
I've got to be in Washington D.C. in eleven hours for a hearing -- the outcome of which might possibly affect one of the biggest decisions of my life. And here I am standing out in the middle of nowhere Texas, chasing phantom tanker trucks.
What?
This is great. This is fitting.
Hey, I was right about the bomb, wasn't I?
I don't know why I think they went right.
You think they went left?
We've got two choices. One of them is wrong.
Where would they be going?
About a hundred miles of nothing in each direction.
What are my choices?
That's the first question to answer, if we're going to find them.
And where are they going with it?
I don't know, Mulder.
Unmarked tanker trucks... what are archaeologists hauling out in tanker trucks?
No irrigation system. Somebody's covering their tracks.
All the equipment is brand new.
Ground's dry about an inch down. Somebody just laid this down. Very recently, I'd say.
It looks pretty green for this climate.
This looks like new grass to you?
No.  It didn't show up on any of the immunohistochemical tests --
And you've never seen anything like that?
The bone was porous, as if the virus of the causative microbe were digesting it.
You're sure the fossils you looked at showed the same signs of deterioration you saw in the fireman's body in the morgue?
I don't see any evidence of an archeological or any other kind of digsite. Not even a sewer or a storm drain.
This is where he marked on the map, Scully. Where he says those fossils were unearthed.
He didn't mention a park.
That I don't know. But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
How was it contracted?
Something I couldn't show to anyone else. Not without more information. And not without causing the kind of attention I'd just as soon avoid right now.  The virus those men were infected with contains a protein coat I've never seen before. What it did to them it did extremely fast. And unlike the AIDS virus or any other aggressive strain, it survives very nicely outside the body.
What did you find?
I wasn't planning on it. Particularly after spending a half hour in cold storage this morning. But I got a better look at the blood and tissue samples I took from the firemen.
You said you weren't coming?
Mulder -- I can't -- I'm already way past the point of common sense here --
-- I'll have you back for it, Scully. Maybe with evidence that could blow that meeting away.
I've got a hearing tomorrow --
I need you there with me. I need your expertise on this. The bomb we found was meant to destroy those bodies and whatever they were infected by.
Mulder --
Scully -- listen to me. I'm going home, then I'm booking a flight to Dallas. I'm getting you a ticket, too.
I don't know.
What kind of infection?
Evidence of a massive infection.
What did you find?
I can't really talk right now.
Why are you whispering?
We're being blamed for these deaths. Scully, I want to know what this man died of. Don't you?
Mulder, this is going to take some time, and somebody's going to figure out soon enough we're not even supposed to be here.  I'm in serious violation of medical ethics.
I don't know. But I have a hunch what you're going to find here isn't anything that can be categorized or easily referenced.
You're saying the bombing was a cover-up. Of what?
I'd been told as much.
You knew this man didn't die at the bomb site before we got here.
I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either.
You're telling me the cause of death on the report is false. That this man didn't die from an explosion, or from flying debris.
And there's been no autopsy performed. There's no Y incision here; no internal exam.
There's some kind of cellular breakdown. It's completely edematous.
It's like jelly.
And you're looking for?
According to this tag.
This is one of the firemen who died in Dallas?
Just get dressed. I'll explain on the way.
Mulder -- what are you doing?
Get dressed, Scully.
Go home, Mulder. It's late.
Is that what you'd like me to do?
I thought you may have gotten drunk and decided to come here to talk me out of quitting.
What are you implying, Scully?
Is that before or after you got the idea to come here?
I was until about an hour ago.
Are you drunk, Mulder?
Why not? It's three AM.
No.
I wake you?
There's really no reason left for me to stay anymore.  Maybe you should ask yourself if your heart's still in it, too.
You're... quitting?
They're not doing this, Mulder.  I left behind a career in medicine because I thought I might make a difference at the FBI. When they recruited me they told me women made up nine percent of the bureau. I felt this was not an impediment, but an opportunity to distinguish myself. But it hasn't turned out that way. And now, if I were to be transferred to Omaha, or Wichita or some field office where I'm sure I could rise, it just doesn't hold the interest for me it once did. Not after what I've seen and done.
This isn't about you, Scully. They're doing this to me.
Because they wanted me to invalidate your work, your investigations into the paranormal. But I think this goes deeper than that.
They were the ones that put us together.
I think you must have an idea. They cited a history of problems relating back to 1993.
Why?
I meet with the OPR day after tomorrow for remediation and reassignment...
What? What are you talking about?
They have divided us, Mulder. They're splitting us up.
They're trying to divide us on this, Scully. We can't let them.
All I told them was the truth.
Whatever you told them in there, you don't have to protect me.
-- Mulder! Get in the car!
Something's not right...
Mulder. Move away from the door. We're coming through it.
Scully?
Hang on. I'm gonna get you out of there.
...thirteen fifty six...
Thirteen fifty nine, thirteen fifty eight, thirteen fifty seven...
Mulder? Tell me this is a joke.
Nice try, Mulder.
Scully, get somebody to open this door.
I'm in the vending room.
Where are you, Mulder?
Scully, I found the bomb.
Scully...
Something sweet.
Alright... what'll it be: Coke, Pepsi? A saline IV?
I just did. You're buying.
Panic? Have you ever seen me panic, Scully?
I saw your face, Mulder. There was a moment of panic.
Oh yeah. Had you big time.
No you didn't.
Had you.
It's locked?
Now what?
What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston. I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome.
You've got to quit looking for what isn't there. They've closed the X-Files. There's procedure to be followed here. Protocol.
How's that?
I know you're bored in this assignment, but unconventional thinking is only going to get you into trouble now.
The element of surprise, Scully. Random acts of unpredictability. If we fail to anticipate the unforeseen or expect the unexpected in a universe of infinite possibilities, we find ourselves at the mercy of anyone or anything that cannot be programmed, categorized or easily referenced...
Jesus, Mulder...
What happened to playing a hunch?
Mulder...?
Mulder... when a terrorist bomb threat is called in, the logical purpose of providing this information is to allow us to find the bomb. The rational object of terrorism is to promote terror. If you'd study model behavioral pattern in virtually every case where a threat has turned up an explosive device. If we don't act in accordance with that data -- if you ignore it as we have done -- the chances are great that if here actually is a bomb we might not find it. Lives could be lost --
I think they have that covered.
I know that. But the threat was called in for the Federal Building across the street.
You're looking for a bomb.
I've just climbed twelve floors. I'm hot and thirsty and I'm wondering, to be honest, what I'm doing here.
What's wrong, Scully?
No. I haven't.
Did you find something?
I'm on the roof.
Where are you, Scully?
Mulder -- it's me --
Thank you.
Why don't you go on ahead head and I'll confirm authorization.
They can patch you in through the switchboard.
I don't have his number.
Well, call General McAddie.
I don't know anything about that.
General McAddie is who requested our coming here. We were awakened at three AM and told to get down here immediately.
General McAddie's.
On whose orders?
That area is currently off limits to anyone other than authorized medical personnel.
We're going to the morgue.
I've got to find Scully.
What are you doing?
I'm not taking any chances.
Are we being watched?
I don't know.
How deep does this go?
I know.  Agent Scully reported your suspicions to OPR. On the basis of her report, I sent techs over to S.A.C. Michaud's apartment. They picked up PSTN residues on his personal effects consistent with the construction of the vending machine device in Dallas.
Whoever they are -- this goes right back to Dallas -- it goes right back to the bombing --
She's missing. We've been unable to locate her or the vehicle they took her in.
Where's Scully?!
Agent Mulder --
Agent Scully says it was she who ordered you out of the building. That you wanted to go back.
I breached protocol. I broke contact with the S.A.C. I ignored a primary tactical rule and left him alone with the device.
She's in there right now saying the same thing about you.
-- if they want someone to blame, they can blame me. Agent Scully doesn't deserve this.
-- if it looks bad, it's bad for the FBI --
But it's not the lives we saved. It's the lives we didn't.
Agent Mulder -- we both know that if you and Agent Scully hadn't taken the initiative to search the adjacent building, you could have multiplied the fatalities by a hundred --
And they want to blame us?
You don't see what's going on here, do you?  There's four hundred million dollars in damage to the city of Dallas. Lives have been lost. No suspects have been named. So the story being shaped is this could have been prevented. That the FBI didn't do its job.
She was with me.
-- They're asking her for a narrative. They want to know why she was in the wrong building.
About what?
Sit down, they're still talking to Agent Scully.
My life is over.  Go.
What about you?
Find Agent Scully. Save her. Only her science can save the future.
What alien environment?
The vaccine you hold is the only defense against the virus. Its introduction into an alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plans we've so assiduously protected for the last fifty years.  Or it may not.
How?
You have precious little time. What I've given you the alien colonists have no idea exists. You hold in your hand the power to end the project.
Driver.
Let me out. Stop the car.
Dr. Kurtzweil is in the trunk.
Where is he?
As your father knew, things need to be sacrificed to the future.
What happened to Kurtzweil?
I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked.
Why are you telling me this?
The only true survivors of the viral holocaust will be those immune to it: those vaccinated against it and human/alien hybrids. Your father arranged for your sister's abduction. He allowed her to be taken to an alien hybrid program, so that she would survive. As a clone.  He had different hopes for you. That you would uncover the truth about the Project. That you would stop it. That you would fight the future.
But... he sacrificed his own daughter. My sister, Samantha.
Imagine our surprise when they began to gestate. My group has been working cooperatively with the alien colonists, facilitating their programs. To give us access to the virus. In false hope we might be able to secretly find a cure. So that we might save ourselves, as the last of the species.  Your father wisely refused to believe this, choosing hope over selfishness. Hope is the only future he had: his children,  The only future any of us have.
That's why you bombed the building. The infected firemen, the boy --
Until Dallas, we believed the virus was simply a controlling organism. That mass infection would make us a slave race.
Your aliens, Agent Mulder, your little green men, first landed here millions of years ago. Those that didn't leave have been laying dormant underground since the last Ice Age. In the form of an evolved pathogen. Waiting to be reconstituted when the alien race from which it came returns to colonize the planet. Using us as hosts. Against this we have no defense. Nothing but a weak vaccine.  Do you see why it was kept secret? Why even the best men -- men like your father -- could not let the truth be known?
What do you mean, walked?
Aids, the ebola virus -- on the evolutionary scale they are newborns. This virus walked the planet long before the dinosaurs.
No! For God sake you've got it all backwards.
This is what you've been conspiring to conceal? A disease?
A simple, unstoppable lifeform. What is a virus but a colonizing force that cannot be defeated? Living in a cave, underground, until it mutates. And attacks.
A virus?
No. Though I have no way to prove otherwise. The virus is extraterrestrial. We know very little about it, except that it is the original inhabitant of this planet.
You're lying.
A weak vaccine against the virus Agent Scully has been infected with. It must be administered with ninety six hours.
What is it?
I want to know where Scully is.
I think of it as an agreement. A word your father liked to use.
About the conspiracy?
I'm quite prepared to tell you everything, though there isn't much you haven't guessed.
Yes.
Is she alive?
I have answers for you.
Where's Scully?
He's come and gone.
What happened to Kurtzweil?
Mr. Mulder.
No, you need only take away what is most precious to him.
You need not kill a man to destroy him.
You can't kill Mulder. He's got too much light on him.
And Mulder?
No one believes Kurtzweil or his books. He's a toiler. A crank.
We've allowed this man his freedom. His books have actually helped us to facilitate plausible denial. Has he outlived his usefulness to us?
Well, without a cure for the virus, we're nothing more than digestives anyway.
Our vaccine may have no effect!
Cooperation is our only chance of saving ourselves.
And if it doesn't? By cooperating now we're but beggars to our demise! Our ignorance was in cooperating with the Colonists at all.
Let me remind you who is the new race. And who is the old.  What could be gained by withholding anything from them; By pretending to ignorance? Our knowledge may forestall their plans to step up the timetable. To start Colonization early.
In hope of what? Learning that it's true?! That we are nothing more than digestives for the creation of a new race of alien lifeforms?!
We're going to tell them what we've found. What we've learned. Turn over a body infected with the gestating organism.
This isn't Colonization, it's spontaneous repopulation. All our work... if it's true, then they've been using us all along. We've been laboring under a lie!
The geometry of mass infection presents certain conceptual re-evaluations for us. About our place in their Colonization.
My god...
We've been forced to reassess our role in Colonization by new facts of biology which have presented themselves.
More concerns than that?
I'm sorry. My grandson fell and broke his leg.
We began to worry. Some of us have traveled so far, and you are the last to arrive.
