I know sir. I won't let you down.
Hammer, the fate of my daughter rests solely in your hands.
There won't be any need for that sir.
I love her sir. If I don't help you, I won't be able to make her my wife. Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim has agreed to come with me to the North Pole on a rescue mission.
Please. Will you help me?
My Esther! Oh Mordechai.
It's Esther. Santa's got her.
So why the long face?
No way, it's too dangerous. Besides, my days of hooking are over.
Take Esther with you, you'll need the backup.
Looks like I got a plane to catch.
About an hour ago, we received this transmission from the North Pole.
What's up?
Mordechai. Thank god you're here.
One last thing Hammer. You take care of yourself. The...
Good thinking. We'll disguise ourselves as a Gentile couple to pass undetected. Now that he thinks I'm dead, this should be a piece of homentashen.
Well, then I've got good news for you. We just got word that he'll be making an appearance at the Mall Of America today. I'm sending Esther to meet you there at once.
It was a trap. I'm back at square one.
That'll work. Get them out to the Jewish community stat. We got an epidemic on our hands.
You mean you want us to make copies of Yentl, Fiddler On The Roof, and Chaim Potok's The Chosen?
Chief, it's me. Listen carefully. I need for the Worldwide Jewish Media Conspiracy to mass produce video copies of every Hollywood movie ever made featuring a positive Jewish protagonist as its lead.
I'm gonna pay a visit to the K.L.F. See if they've got the 411 on Santa's location. I'll check in with you when I know more.
What's your first move?
I guess I could be chalant about it, but then again I'm not even sure if that's a word. Listen Chief, we could stand around arguing all day, but I gotta case to crack.
Hey, it's your Bar Mitzvah. I'm just readin' the Torah portion.
A settlement completely demolished, ten smashed army jeeps, four dead Arabs. G dash D damn it, Hammer! You think you're above the Ten Commandments? Just find Santa Claus and bring him back to us. No heroics, got it?
I got the job done didn't I? I did what I had to do.
Alright Mordechai, now that we're alone I just want to say that I'm not happy about this. I don't want a repeat of that incident in the West Bank.
Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you.
Well, for starters, we're going to honeymoon in Boca for a week. And then, when we get back, Morty's been talking about taking a stable, good paying job as a consultant for the JDL.
He works too much. God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while. Take his mind off his work. Maybe a blowjob here and there.
What do you want me to do?
Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl.  I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai.
He's...he's very nice.  But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me.
You like my Mordechai, yes?
From the story of Purim.  Well, now that we're all acquainted, let's sit down and start the Sabbath.
It's Esther.
So. Do you have a name?
We go to the same temple.
You two know each other?
Mordechai!
Esther!
Mordechai!
Esther!
I forgive you.
I love you too. I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday. I was wrong.
Mordechai, I love you. I couldn't let you do this alone.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we can see each other romantically anymore.
We do!
No. It's not like that. You're being completely neurotic. I was just playing along...
Oh my god. She's become my pimp. And she's whoring her bitch-son out to the highest bidder.
Relax Morty, I think your mom is wonderful. She cares so much about you. Get this, while you were gone she said she'd help me get you to work with the JDL if I'd come eat by you once in awhile. Like I needed any incentive to be with you. She's so...
When did you guys have this conversation? When I was in the bathroom? What else did she have to say?
Oh, she said that, did she? What else did Mommy Dearest have to say?
Your mother was right. You do work too hard.
Kiss me you Semitic stud!
Also, on a daily basis, I want you to tell me what to do, where to do it, and how I should live my life.
Afterwards they'll make the decision as to whether or not they'd like to continue their religious studies in Israel. Because, hey, after all we'll have practiced the highly effective assertive democratic style of child rearing, sprinkled with a healthy dose of liberalism.
Keep going.
I want for our children to go to private schools and take music lessons. Little Abraham will go to Stanford for college, Batya will go Ivy League, maybe Vassar.
Oh. Okay.
I want you to talk dirty to me.
Yes Esther.
Mordechai?
You mean like disco dancing or doing the funky chicke...Oh. I get it.
Maybe we should try a different kind of dancing.
Sorry. I'm better with men.
Oh!
I said, yeah, about once a week!
What!?
I said, do you come here often!?
What was that!?
Sure. Why not.
Want to get a drink?
Now we wait for Santa to make his next move.
So, now what?
Yeah, no kidding.
That got annoying fairly quickly.
C'mon follow me.
What are we going to do? We're at least an hour from the front.
He must be behind that curtain. Relax. We're undercover. We need to give off the appearance of calm. You see Esther, the trick to undercover work is to try and blend in. Act as a Gentile would.
Any sign of Santa?
I don't think I could eat another latke if you paid me.
Oy vey, I'm stuffed.
I'm sorry to hear about Santa. He was a good friend, but my days...
Mordechai, Santa Claus has been rubbed out by his son Damian. The man's a demon. There's no telling what this new anti semitic psycho Santa is capable of.
Your mother? Oh. Whoops.
Actually, his days of marital infidelity have long since past. Now he just shtoops my mother exclusively.
How is old Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal? Is he still shtooping every girl he can get his hands on?
My name is Esther. Chief Bloomenbergensteinenthal from the Jewish Defense League desperately needs to speak with you.
Client notes. Sorry.  What can I do for you?
Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to?
From the way she carried herself I could tell she'd been around the block a few times...
Please, call me Mordechai.
Mr. Jefferson Carver?
What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right! Mommy loves you! Such a good boy you are!
Mom! We're eating!
...I'm not finished yet, mom.
Hello Mazel Tov! A boojee boojee boojee boo...
Mazel Tov!
Well I have news for you mom. It is good enough...I'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me...
...So you saved Hanukkah Mr. Big Shot. I mean, let's be honest Mordechai, it isn't even one of the high holidays.
...and their children will all be able to eat latkes and spin dreidels, and light the menorah with the knowl...
Well I'm just glad you're safe Bubba Shaina, and eating by your mother for Shabos.
...and the opportunity to help my brothers and sisters in the Jewish community.
Mom, why don't you put that cat out of its misery?
Let's let your tuchus breathe.
Do what you must.
No. No. We're gonna argue. And you know what mom? I'm going to save Hanukkah just to spite you. And when my face is all over the television. When your friends are opening their Hanukkah gifts next year, don't mention it to them, okay? I wouldn't want you to have to show my picture.
I don't want to argue with you. Let's just eat in peace.
You know my friend Maureen? Her son, the investment banker? He paid for her entire retirement in Boca Raton. What a mench he is. Instead of schleping to save Hanukkah, god forbid you should go back to business school and get an MBA. Maybe then you could send me to Boca, too.
So don't show a picture.
When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons. They show pictures. Their sons are lawyers and doctors and Rabbis. Why can't I show a picture?
Mom, I have a real job. I do good things for this community. I help people.
Mom, stop with this already. Of course I love you. You're my mother.
Mordechai. Do you love your mother?
I can see. And you also brought a nice girl to come eat by us.
Shabat Shalom mama. I brought some Manischewitz. The black label.
I'll be in my office.
I understand that. I just thought that you might want to know.
But we're not open on Sundays.
Yeah, I'm going to be out of the office from 1:30 to 3:00 on Sunday. I have a terrible yeast infection and I need to see my gynecologist.
Anything else?
She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz.
Okay, what's the information?
Happy Hanukkah Morty.
Happy Hanukkah Tikva.
Everything's kosher. Watch him for me.
Hammer, you alright?
Offscreen gunfire. That Jewish Atomic Clock stuff ate up a lot of our budget.
What are you doing?
Well that's good news for us. It means the system is outdated. This should be easy. C'mon.
Listen cat, I'll have you know that I hate the taste of watermelon and am a terrible basketball player.
The alarm will trigger if the system detects any Non-W.A.S.P. tendencies inside the building. For example, if you were to dribble a basketball, or eat watermelon, or use the word dawg...that is, spelled with an aw as opposed to the letter o...within the confines of this workshop, the alarm would sound.
How do we bypass it?
Take a look.
A stereo type alarm system?
Wait! Before we enter, you need to know that my research has determined that Santa's compound is wired with the XP 2000 stereo type alarm system.
Just praying to god that we don't kill ourselves going over this wall.
What are you doing?
Oh yeah. Take a look.
Porno? You're tellin' me that you can get porno on that thing?
But wait, there's more. With a few swift clicks of this hand-computer interface, commonly referred to as a mouse, I can download illicit pornographic material and even send it along to a friend via a cyber postal route known as e-mail.
Man, that's far out! Hey, the Jets won!
Now this might get a bit technical, but try and stay with me. Using a highly sophisticated connection of other computators, called the Internet, I can access surveillance maps, villian biographical information, and even sports scores with a few simple keystrokes of this electronic typewriter.
Cool. What's it do?
I wanted to ask you, how were you able to pinpoint the exact location of Santa's workshop? We've been trying to gain that piece of surveillance for years.
It's gonna be tough, but the back entrance looks like our best bet.
He's still working out some identity issues.
What's wrong with him?
It's cool. It's cool. Aveenooh Shalom Alechem, brother.
Okay, look. I'm going to work really, really hard on this one. But, please stop with the pressure. I'm already tense as it is.
You watch your back Hammer. Hanukkah might just be his first move. For all we know Kwanzaa could be next. There's a lot of brothers counting on you. If you fail...
Not if I can help it. You got any information for me?
Oh. It means that Santa's gonna fuck Hanukkah's shit up.
Actually, I...I don't. What does that mean?
Oh, most definitely. Got the brothers here in full alert mode.
I'm back on the job for the JDL. You hear about that crazy white boy who took over as Santa?
So Morde-chai, tell me, what brings your bad self down to the KLF?
Hah! Jewish guilt. Well, it won't work on me Hammer. I'm too strong for it.
I shlepped all the way to the North Pole for this? I come to fight you, and you don't even put out anything to nosh on? What kind of arch nemesis are you?
I don't have to tell you anything Hammer! You're gonna have to kill me before I tell you!
Where's my girlfriend Santa?
In fact, he's just informed me that he personally plans on cancelling Christmas this year.
Hey everybody. How's it hangin'?
I'm just calming the kiddies.  There's no need to worry about Santa. He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer.
What are you doing?
Whoa, whoa there. C'mon Mordechai, is this any way to treat an old family friend? Let's cut out all the unpleasantness. I admit, I went way overboard with the whole Hanukkah thing. Let me make it up to you. How about a peace offering?  Girls.
What's your shpiel, Santa?
The Hebrew Hammer! You're alive.
Let me guess, you're the goy who stole Hanukkah.
Excuse me? Do I know you, friend? Take a look around you. Do you even know who I am?
If you keep your mouth shut and come with me, you won't get hurt.
Sorry folks, I don't do couples.
No dipshit, I want you to kill him.
You want me to be nice to him for no apparent reason whatsoever, buy him clothing he'll never wear, and for just one day of the year pretend to forgive him for all the horrible things he did to me as a young boy when my mommy wasn't looking?
It's Friday.
What day is it?
Resting?
Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend.
Take a look.
Maybe he ran out of ammo.
What's going on? Why'd he stop?
What are we gonna do? He's got us on the ropes.
Get off of me you cripple!
I don't know. Why don't you ask them sir.
No. I'm airsick you asshole! Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly?
You okay?
Thanks. Oh, did I tell you. I picked up that new KC and the Sunshine Band record that you recommended. You were right, it is good.
No, it was the perfect level.
I wasn't too over the top?
It was good. Very chilling, but you still got all the points across that we talked about.
So, how was I?
That's some cold shit.
Bootleg copies of the Frank Capra classic, 'It's A Wonderful Life.'
Worse.
So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine?
Oh, that's the beauty of it. These are free samples.
What should I charge?
While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant.
So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?
