You get your money from your husband.
What about me?
This is for "mama and the kids."
Drink your beer and don't get so excited.
Why do you ask so many questions? What difference does it make how Carlos and I feel? Feeling does not buy clothes and houses!
I don't know —-
Is he in love with you?
Nice fellow?
Mmm———yes.
Good looking?
Nobody. A boy who works in a grocery.
Who's Carlos Dom-what's-his-name?
Maybe I should just forget all about money - - forget about mamma and the kids and the rent, huh - marry some poor dope like -- oh, like Carlos Dominguez - - and get fat and —-
Why not -- if you like it —- if that's what you really want.
I can't understand that fancy talk.  You mean I'm a gold-digger? Sure, I'm a gold-digger -- why not?
When you marry champagne, Clo-Clo, you can't trade it in for beer. You're stuck with it.
That depends. How much money has he?
My son—in—law. What do you think of him?
Why not?
Is someone with you -- can I get you a drink?
And my leopard - - maybe he hurt the first girl -- but no more.
Of course, not, Charlie. I never thought you did.
Now I know I didn't hurt nobody when I was drunk - -
That's just it, Charlie. That's what I'm driving at. You could do anything in that time.
I don't know.
But between the time you leave the cant ma and fall into bed in that old truck of yours, what happens, Charlie?
I sleep it off.
Then what do you do?
And when you drink, you get drunk.
I drink.
Oh, I'm only exploring your theory. Let's take a step further. You drink, don't you, Charlie?
If a leopard didn't do it, who did?
You know -- not scared enough. Nothing to scare it.
Well, Charlie, just why do you think your cat didn't kill the Contreras girl?
It don't look like a leopard to me.
Here is something that should interest Charlie - a stone leopard head made by his ancestors some six hundred years ago. They used it in ceremonies. The jaguar -- in fact all the cat family -- were considered the personification of force and violence in their religious rites.
That's the place: I remember -— My feet were so darn sore, I couldn't make it -- and Galbraith went on up to the head of the canyon by himself --
And here is Three Tree Mesa -- and here I go out of the big arroyo --
What arroyo -— how did you get to it ——
North -- in an arroyo, Shot through the head —- maybe week ago. No good, skin, everything gone ——
Where? Where did you find it?
What's left of him.
You found the leopard!
Two hundred and fifty dollars you owe met
I don't know. I want him to lock me up.
Look, Charlie, you didn't do it, and you know you didn't.
I want him to lock me up.
What do you want to see him for?
I don't know. I want to see Robles.
No, he wasn't kidding. I'm sick. Claw women? Hurt little girls? No!
Here have a cigarette. He was only kidding.
I'm sick.
Yes, I was drunk, Mr. Manning.
Charlie wasn't drunk last night.
No. I'm serious about this.
Sure!
But he admitted quick enough that it killed the first girl.
Sure, I like my leopards
Up at the museum.
Where's that man?
Let's get in your truck.
Sure.
I'd like one of them to say it to you, Charlie. I'd like to have you hear his side of it his reasons. Want to hear them?
They don't say it to me.
They all say the cat killed this second girl.
That cat ain't mean. I feed him out of my own hand for six years. Why don't he kill me? At night in the truck, I let him out of the cage. When I am falling asleep I hear him walking back and forth. I go to sleep. He don't hurt me.
You really think so, Charlie?
No, sir. That girl in the cemetery? My cat didn't kill that girl. I told you cats don't go around looking for trouble. If that cat's alive, it's out in the country hiding under a bush, starving to death.
Look, Charlie, just be patient. I'll fix everything. You don't want that cat, anyway. It killed two people.
Can't make a buck without my leopard. I tell you, Mr. Manning, you gotta find that cat for me -- or pay up.
Tomorrow -—
See you tomorrow —-
Maybe not - cards mean different things different times --
The death card - -
Let me see it ——
Don't look at it!
Go on -—
Something black —- something on its way to you ——
What are you doing that for?
Cut.
The elderly man I told you about.
Who?
Well -- did he give you a lot of money?
Watch and see, A day or a week - but certainly this month -- you will have money from a man and then-
You and your cards. Meet a rich man! I look for them with money. What rich man hasn't money. And for what was I born if it wasn't for money? You're not telling me anything.
You'll meet a rich man and he will give, you money.
What did they say before the bad card came up?
All men are fools. They like to make a big show -— shout and hunt --
They're fools. Why don't they let Charlie How-Come hunt it alone. He's an Indian.
) They buried Teresa today and they were hunting the leopard again -- out in the country this time. But they didn't get him.
I saw Teresa. Maybe I was the last to see her except perhaps her Mamacita and her little brother. I was going past --
It's a blackcard and bad card, but not the card of the cat -— not the card of four—footed things.
I suppose so. I suppose it will be different for us, too —— when everyone knows. Then we will be just like other people.  But these last weeks will always be our secret —— a lovely secret to remember all our lives.
Love is different for different people.
When you are going to see Pedro, does your heart beat until you tremble?
What, senorita?
Rosita —— I have wondered -—
Pedro is waiting for me, too.
At four. He will be there at four.
You must say that you went to take some of the roses to your father's grave...
He will be waiting...
I'll miss you too, honey --
Hey —— I'm over here.
Oh, dear -- I don't know what I'm going to do without you - honestly, I don't ——
I bet you try on my coffin some day -- I hope it "fits just perfect."
And if you've got cold feet honey, Ill take over for you. That red dress of yours fits just perfect on me.
I know. I know. You've got the talent. I got the breaks.
I mean you being a star and me being just a cigarette girl.
Maybe. For three years I've sung in rats' nests, while Jerry pounded his feet off and his brains out -- trying to get me a real chance. We're due for a little luck!
You're lucky. I wish he'd front page for me.
Why not? He's a good press agent and a good friend. Besides, we've shared a lot of headaches ——
You think be's pretty nice, don't you?
Yes. So I've noticed. Jerry's noticed -— He'll come up with something.
She's a local. When the dudes come out to New Mexico, they went to wallow in Latin glamour. This is a bad town for blondes.
It may sound like music to her -- I can do better with my teeth in a cold Shower.  Click — click — click.
Well, now that you've had your history lesson, I think I'll get on to the museum.
Oh, that's so interesting!
It's to remind people of the great tragedy that took place here so that they won't ever forget that a peaceful village of Indians was wiped out by the Conquistadores, back in the 17th Century... A band of monks buried the dead and prayed for them and did penance for their deaths —— that's what this procession is supposed to be.
You know all about these things - - and I've lived here all my life —- and I still don't know what the Procession means.
Good evening.
Oh, Mr. Galbraith! I'm so glad you're here.
I didn't want to kill, but I had to. I heard her in the cemetery - talking to the man in the auto --
Then you found the leopard --
I couldn't rest —- I couldn't sleep. All I could see was Teresa Delgado's body -- broken --mangled. I saw it day and night.  It was waiting everywhere I turned.
Tormented -- ? Why?
Why do yo&amp;i accuse me? You don't know what you're doing -- you don't understand -- nobody understands --
Tell me.
It's better you don't know.
Consuelo screamed too -- and Clo Clo. Why did you do it? Why? Quick. Tell me why?
I didn't do anything. She screamed. Something frightened her.
You shot the leopard. We know that. You killed Consuelo. You killed Clo Clo. Then tonight --
Not! I tell you. No!
It was you.
No.
It was you, Galbraith!
You've thought of all this before. You know it isn't the leopard ——  Don't you?
No. He would be a hard man to find, Jerry. Particularly if he were a clever men. He would go about his ordinary business calmly and coolly except when the fit to kill was on him.
Couldn't you tell a man like that when you saw him?
He'd act normally when he was with other people. It would be a man who suffered remorse and even pity when it was all over.
I don't mean that. How would he act? What would he do?
To the eye? Like other men.
If there were a man like that, with a kink in his brain around here loose, what would he be like.
Yes. There have been men who kill for pleasure -- strange pleasure. There was Blue Beard in France -- Jack The Ripper in London. It's not uncommon.
All right -- the dead, then.  In history there must have been men like that -- men with kinks in their brains --
But all those fancy courses were about the dead, Jerry, not the living.
You know a lot. You've taken a lot of fancy courses in colleges and that kind of stuff - - what kind of a man would kill like that?
Just barely possible - - yes.
You must admit it's possible that it might have been a man.
Some other time.
Don't you want to see the rest of the exhibit?
Come on, Charlie. Let's go find another and better suspect.
You, Charlie -- you know leopards. You might have had an old claw around somewhere, and perhaps a bit of hair from the cage -— eh?
I don't know.
Yes, but what sort of a man?
A hunch -- that's all I've got about this leopard thing. It's just a hunch, yet I feel it deep in the stomach. It was a man!
We had given up digging in a certain barrow. I went back and I tried again. I just had a hunch.
But he would have to know about leopards - have access to leopard claws and hair.
Some crazy guy.
I can understand what you mean - demented men, pathological cases. But what sort of man would kill like a leopard and leave the traces of a leopard?
There are all sorts of men. You get to see some funny ones as a reporter.
It could be. Why would a man kill her? For what? It wasn't robbery. It wasn't a crime of jealousy or passion. She had no enemies.
It could be a man.
Charlie likes his leopard.
Charlie doesn't think the leopard killed the girl in the cemetery.
Yes.
About Charlie's leopard?
Charlie and I were talking. That's one reason I wanted to see you.
I'll take you about. Got some nice things.
More or less.
Come to look around?
We're old friends.
You know Charlie How-Come?
I can understand about the cat killing the first girl. Charlie How Come told me. All that noise and those lights -- scared crazy it would do anything. Last night there was nothing to disturb it. Just a little girl alone in a cemetery.
Just a minute, Robles.  Let him go on.
Caged animals are unpredictable. They're like frustrated human beings. I can't answer your question.
But it doesn't eat what it kills.
It doesn't know how to hunt its natural prey.
Why?
Jerry, I talked to you about the habits of an ordinary wild leopard. This leopard is another matter entirely - - a caged animal travelling around with Charlie How Come for years and years.. That's why it kills human beings.
That's what I don't understand -- why should it come here -- and why didn't it stay here? It's got trees and bushes here -- outside nothing but cement and asphalt.
Sure -- certainly —- but what's that got to do with this?
It doesn't jibe with this —— you told me the leopard would go out into the country —- it wouldn't stay in the city ——
Yes?
Doc -- something you said the other day --
Don't feel so concerned, Jerry.
That's right, of course.
There is no danger at all. It's a wild animal. Do you think a wild animal prefers walls, streets and people when it can get into open country?
No. I'm quite sure.
You know about animals -- their habits -- will it come back?
Of course. It's the way any decent man would feel in your position.
Yes. I want to go out and patrol the town - be everywhere at once - be sure nothing happens to anybody.
You're worrying about its killing someone else?
It's about the leopard.
I want to ask you something.
Well, I'd best be off.
Yes. It's always fascinated me.  You know, once, when I was a youngster, I went to see Mrs. Leslie Carter in "Zaza." After the play I stood in the alley just to watch her come out.
Show business?
No —- really, I can see them -- they're coming now -— turn off the lights ——
Wait ——
They do, but -- there are no lights out there —- they'll just be shadows -—
I thought they came right past here ——
Of course. Only I'm afraid you'll be cheated. There isn't much of a view of the procession here.
Miss Walker -- I didn't expect anyone ——
I've disturbed	you. I'm sorry -
Thanks.
I'm sure if you are as talented as you are charming, Miss Walker, you have nothing to worry about.
Well, I'm next. You won't hear anything like that, Mr. Galbraith.  I'm not a popular favorite since I let the leopard loose.
That was a calamity!
That was unfortunate.
Well, I'm hardly Mrs. Leslie Carter —whoever she was. In fact, I'm not even much of a success around here particularly after the backfire on Jerry's little publicity stunt with the leopard.
So you see meeting you is a real thrill for me.
Various reasons.  But I can't see why you'd be interested in the rather dusty career of William Galbraith — teacher, naturalist, curator -- when you lead such a gay and exciting life yourself.
Why did you give up teaching?
There's a little museum here in town. They've hired me to run it, We've some interesting exhibits of Indian arts and crafts. It's fun -- and I like living here in New Mexico.
What do you do now?
To know where that leopard went - — I'm afraid you'd have to be a leopard and think like a leopard. I was a naturalist. That hardly qualifies me as an expert in hunting down lost leopards. I used to teach zoology in a little fresh—water college back East. I gave that up.
Jerry told me you were an expert with animals, Mr. Galbraith. Couldn't you tell where it went?
Offend a reputable citizen and involve the department in a slander suit? No. I'm in office to protect the taxpayers money — not throw it way. Come on, Charlie.
You won't go to Galbraith with me?
Yes. And I am taking it to headquarters for examination.
That's a fact, isn't it?
I am not interested in what somebody else thinks. You being me facts and I'll act on them.
Galbraith knows something. He as good as said so ——
I'm sure of it!
You think Galbraith found the leopard on the day you went out with the posse.
Chief, don't you understand what this means?
Ask Kiki. Ask any woman. Girls don't put on lipstick in the middle of the night on a dark, lonely street unless they're with a man or expecting a man.
Why?
Yes. The lipstick.
Professional hunters, who rid the state of cougars.
State hunters?
No. He was kidding Charlie.
Let me get one thing clear. Did Galbraith make a direct accusation?
I've been trying to tell him, Sheriff. He won't listen to me.
Nothing much -- just that it might not be a cat this time.
What are you getting at?
I know all that, chief, and I don't like it any better than you do, but there's something else --
Yes, there is something wrong. People who want publicity and don't mind how they get it --what risks they make other people run - - what agony and sorrow they bring to other people --
Something's wrong with this whole setup --
That's why it just mauls and tears at them.
It's not for me.  I'm literally and figuratively a tenderfoot.
Go on foot.
I haven't done any posse work since last time I rode with Toni Mix at the old Bijou Theatre -- aged six, If you're interested,
Thanks, Sheriff.
You can go now, Manning. There is no way we can hold you legally responsible.
Kiki, Galbraith said something to me once, -- something you ought to know. We were talking and he said that people were like that ball on the fountain at the hotel --they got pushed around by things bigger than themselves. That's the way it was with us -- and we were too small to see it that way.
It's a lovely town —- it was until we came and let the leopard loose and all this happened.
We ought to dare to tell each other everything, Kiki -- you and I.
Jerry, I want you to be soft. You are soft -- inside -— where it matters. I wanted it that day too, but didn't dare tell you.
I know. What do you think I felt when you said, "don't be soft?"
I hated you that day —- you and your flip talk -— with that little girl lying dead.
I know -- Teresa -—
We stood here once before.
It's all right. I'm not hurt.
Kiki?
We will ——
No. No, thanks.  Now we've got to do it ourselves.
How do you know?
Half to the Delgado family and half to Clo-Clo's family.
All right, I'm not ashamed of it! I split it two ways —
Eloise doesn't own enough of anything to make a dent in your pay check, Kicks.
I -- I bought some silver jewelry and stuff from Eloise --
What! You can't be --
As a matter of fact, I'm out of cash myself.
That's funny -- I never knew you to lose that much before --
I got into a little crap game.
Didn't you take your cut out of the closing check?
Oh, by the way -- I'm out of cash --
I'm no detective. I don't even know how to begin. All I know is I want to do something about all this.
You already know the answer to that. I want this town to be safe and happy again --
Absolutely sure.
You're positive of that, aren't you?
Kiki -- it wasn't the leopard.
If that's being a softie -- there are two of us.
Confession. I'm a complete softie. I've been conscience-stricken and worried sick ever since that leopard got away --
Maybe there ought to be less racket and more us.
I'm glad you care about us, Kicks. Sometimes that gets kind of lost in the racket --
You. Us.
What else do you care about, Kicks?
That doesn't make sense.
Maybe I want to feel badly.
Why do you want to stay around here? It'll only make you feel badly.
Robles says it looks that way. Belmonte had already been there and left. They only missed each other by a few minutes.
And she waited here for him?
Yes. Do you mind?
You mean you want to take them to the cemetery.
Jerry, these flowers aren't really for me ——
Yes.
I know. Funerals.
Pretty. You know -- it's funny but flowers only mean one thing to me now.
He's a nice guy. Vie ought to keep in touch with him.
That was nice of Mr. Galbraith.
Do they close up every year for this Processionist business?
I can use them.
And not a sign of the leopard?
——	As long as my feet held out.
You remember the fellow this morning -- Galbraith. You've got time before the supper show.
Who is he?
Forget it. I'm buying a drink for a fellow who was on the posse with me, a nice guy. Come along he'll get a great kick out of meeting you.
Our first real break -- and we throw wild animals at the audience
The whole town's in a state, Kiki ——doors locked, people huddling together like scared sheep ——nobody on the streets at night ——
It must be the altitude —— you, bucking around the countryside with a lot of boot—and—saddle boys --
And did you find the leopard?
Yeah.
Well, does everybody love us now? You've been gone long enough to soft—soap twenty editors!
We all, had to look at the body. It was awful, Kiki -- awful!
What did he have to do -— look at the body?
I don't know —— a witness. He seemed to know something about animals -- you know -- expert testimony.
Who was the other man?
And I suppose you don't feel bad!
I suppose he was trying to make me feel bad.
Don't be soft.
Suppose I slip them a few bucks — for the funeral expenses.
Now look what you've done.
Are you all right?
The red dress?  No. My black one. Then I'll be just like him.
You look swell in that three—alarm number --
I thought you might strut this kitten in right in the middle of her act.
Clo-Clo?
And I never will -- you know what's between us -— we're a thing -- But this is serious -- big competition.
No —— not yet.
Almost three years, isn't it? And have I ever done anything to hurt you?
This is l939. Can't you subtract?
Look, Kicks, how long have we known each other?
You're too good to me.
No. I thought that might be just a little corny.  I want you to lead him in on a leash.
On his back, I suppose.
I thought -— is Kiki just going to walk on that floor tonight walk out cold before a bunch of gawks who think a Spanish twirler is the greatest thing in life. No. Not my favorite client. She's going to make an entrance  this town will never forget.
That's easy. Me.
Listen, Kicks, you'll never guess what I've cooked up this time.
Makes no difference.  Get him out.
Kiki - he won't hurt you. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Get it out of here!
And I never will- you know what's between us — we're a thing But this is serious competition.
No —- not yet.
Look, Kicks, have I ever done anything to hurt you?
You're too good to me.
No. I thought that might be just a little corny. I want you to lead him in on a leash.
On his back, I suppose.
I thought -- is Kiki just going to walk on that floor tonight ——walk out cold before a bunch of gawks who think a Spanish twirler is the greatest thing in life. No. Not my favorite client. She's going to make an entrance this town will never forget!
That's easy. Me.
Listen, Kicks, you'll never guess what I've cooked up this tine...
Makes no difference. Get him out!
Kiki -- he won't hurt you. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Get it out of here!
