... without a shred of manners.
We have just come from George Banes' and they have taken him over. It is no wonder he is leaving, he has got in too deep with the natives. They sit on his floor as proud as Kings, but without a shred of manners.
Ohh no, it makes my skin creep!
Yes, like a cave.
Ohhh, it's so dark, it's like a dank cave.
Oh yes, dear too - TERRIBLE! AWFUL!"'
To be deaf?
I can't imagine a fate worse than being dumb. Turn around.
It will be very dramatic.
Well you stopped combing your hair, which is a good thing, it was looking over done.  You see these are the slits that the heads will go through, show him Nessie ... they'll be dead, the Reverend is going to use animal blood, no doubt it will be very dramatic. Tea! 
Watch his hand
Careful! Watch his hand.
Watch your feet!
Watch your feet!
Well he has NOTHING to pack, but he is leaving. And it is just as well; Nessie has foolishly grown an affection for him ... we have had some tears
Baines is packing up?
He is quite altered, as if they had been trying some native witchcraft on him. Well tomorrow or the day after he will be gone.
That is good, yes.
How are the lessons going? ADA nods enthusiastically. He's getting on all right? ADA nods again Good.
Certainly, there is nothing so easy to like as a pet and they are quite silent.
And with time she will, I'm sure, become affectionate.
Oh indeed. Cotton'.
There is something to be said for silence
Oh, yes, yes of course, a concern.
Well, she was very violent with the gown. She tore off a chunk of lace. if hadn't been there I'd have sworn she'd used her teeth
No, it was a table.
No sound at all?
I knew she was mute, but now I'm thinking it's more than that. I'm wondering if she's not brain affected.
It's strange isn't it? I mean it's not a piano, it doesn't make any sound.
Like it were a piano?
What would you think if someone played a kitchen table like it were a piano?
Yes, it's unholy.
Well, that is a strong opinion.
Ohhh ... dear. Not another word From the shock, yes it would be.
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere. But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch... And at the same moment my father was struck dead my mother was struck dumb! She- never-spoke-another-word.
Mother used to sing the songs in German and her voice would echo across the valleys
Ohhh I've never been there. 
The Alps.
Which mountains are those dear?
And where did they get married?
Well, yes, in Austria where be conducted the Royal Orchestra.
I thought she met your father in Luxemburg.
.... They met when my mother was an opera singer... in Luxemburg...
Ohh the tag is broken.
My REAL father was a famous German composer
I miss you.
No, I love her, we will be a family. I have her piano. I will mend it, she will get better.
I worry for you.
I'll be back.
Go Peini ... Haere atu e Peini.
You have spare wife here Peini. You get rnana for that. Our chief four wives.
She lives her own life in New Jersey, America.
Don't answer, he low born. Jun look at him, mongrel. Your wife where she?
No, no bible readers.
I got the good wife for you Peini. She pray good. Clean. Read Bible. You sleep her Peini. She chief daughter.
What are they?
No, but her words are in my head.  I know what you think, that it's a trick, that I'm making it up. No, the words I heard, were her words.
Spoken words?
She has spoken to me. I heard her voice. There was no sound, but I beard it here . Her voice was there in my head. I watched her lips, they did not make the words, yet the harder I listened the clearer I heard her, as clear as I hear you, as dear as I hear my own voice.
No, not words.
No, words. You have never heard words?
You mean in signs?
Has Ada ever spoken to you?
Well, thank you, I expect she will appreciate it.
It was more to your wife that I gave it.
Well, I doubt I want it very much myself.
No, no payment. I have given it back. I don't want it.
And what does this do to our bargain? I cannot afford the piano if you mean me to pay.
No.
You don't want to learn.
I don't want to learn.
I don't think you should have given up the piano. I will make sure you are properly taught, with music written on to sheets and...
Nothing just yet
I'll have to come and hear you play. what do you play.
Ada says you're doing well with the piano?
Yes, why not.
Te, kawnarna paraikete mo te tahi hawlie 0 te whenna uci.  UNSUBTITLED
T-w~e-l-v~e.
Yes, I suppose you would.
I'll have to get lessons. It wouldn't be much use without them.
Well Baines the music lover, I never would have known. Hidden talents George.
Yes, I thought that.
You'd have to organise it up here.
The piano on the beach? Ada's piano?
The piano.
What for?
I'd like to make a swap.
Good, flatish land with reliable water, why? I don't have money. What are you about?
Yes
On your property?
Those 80 acres, that cross the stream, what do you think of them?
No, no they know another track - to the side of this.
They want more money. They are trying to make two days out of it?
But we came down this way didn't we? I'm sure we did.
Someone died here. It's tapu.
What's he say?
She's stunted, that's one thing.
She looks tired.
I have the key here, look, I'll have it mended...
She says, throw it overboard. She doesn't want it. She says it's spoiled
What?
It's quite safe, they are managing...
She says, throw the piano overboard.
What did she say?
Jesus! I'll kill him! I'll kill him. What did she tell him?
He chopped it off
Quiet down! Shhh! Where is she?
What happened?
He says you're not to see her or he'll chop her up!
I just want to listen.
Everyone has to practice.
I'd rather not play. I want to listen and learn that way.
She wants to see what you can do.
The marks do not come out. They are scars and hardened skin.
Wash them again.
They are washed.
You have to wash them.
I'm sorry, I can't do that.  I don't have the time.  Goodbye
Please take us to the beach where we landed.
Take this to Baines. Tell him if he ever tries to see her again I'll take off another and another and another!
Mama.
Play a song then
Do I know any gigs?
Play a gig.
What will I play?
Is it all right? Aren't you going to play something? ADA pulls up a chair and seats herself at the piano. She rubs her hands and places them lightly on the keys, she turns from habit over her left shoulder where STEWART waits crossed armed. Quickly she removes her hands, stands and gestures FLORA to play. FLORA proudly takes ~p the seat, she pulls her lips in trying to control her happiness to say in front of both her mother and STEWART.
Hah, you're very cunning Ada, but I've seen through you, I'm not going to lose the land this way. Wait here!
He's given it to us.
Tomorrow.
And when is the next lesson?
She never gives him a turn.
You've missed this bit.
I know why Mr. Baines can't play the piano.
He wants to improve himself... and you will be able to play on it ...  Teach him to look after it.
She says it's her piano, and she won't have him touch it. He's an oaf, he can't read, he's ignorant.
What does she say?
On your piano, that is the swap.
What on?
Hello.
Hello, then.
Let us not discuss this further. I am very pleased....
We can't leave the piano
Yes and so do I, but there are too few of us here to carry it. TOO - HEAVY
She wants it to come.
It must come.
Oh no, it can't come now.
A piano?
It's my mother's piano.
What's in here then, lead?
