I don't have to.  You'll be bustin' in on the Chief of Police just up the hall. 
What are ya gonna do, call the cops?
Right through there.  But I wouldn't go in there if I were you. 
I think I'll keep that to myself. Which way are the rooms?
Maybe I could help ya if ya told me his name.
Nobody.  I just know what kinda women he likes.  I'm gonna check all the joyhouses till I find him.
Who told ya this guy was in here?
Which way are the rooms?
No, but you're welcome to a free beer before you go.
All right if I look around your lobby?
Don't think so.  I know everybody in the place and I always bounce the lamsters.
I'm lookin' for a guy on the lam from a counterfeiting rap.  Thought he mighta come in here.
Joliet badge, Snyder.  Don't cut much up here.
Lieutenant Snyder.  Bunco.
That's right.
You the owner here?
At the finish, it's Single Action by two, Fasanella second, Visitation third.  Line on Single Action... 3 to 2. Hell with it, that's no good.
Yeh, go ahead.
Billie.  You ready?
Best we had was Cat's Eye in the second at Del Mar, and he was only 5-2.  Not many longshots comin' in today.
He'll probably fall down.
7 to 2.  That ain't bad.
What's the line on Visitation?
Visitation is still up by two at the three-quarters.  Single Action second, Fasanella third.
Hell no, I just cut into him.  I woulda settled for pawning one of them shoes.
Jesus, what a bundle.  Did you know he was that loaded?
Here.
How 'bout a handkerchief?
No.
You got a bag or somethin?
What do we do?
If that punk and his pals decide to search ya, you'll never fool 'em carryin' it there.
What makes you think you can trust him?  He didn't do shit.
How bout you?  I'll give you the whole hundred!
Sorry, pal.  I'll fix you up, call you a doc, but I ain't gonna walk into a bunch of knives for ya.
He won't know you're carryin' it. C'mon, you gotta help me out.
I dunno.  That little mug that got ya is mad enough at me already -- what if he's out there waitin' around a corner with some friends.
I got a hundred bucks for you and your friend if you deliver the money for me.
It don't look good, gramps, it's ten of now.
I gotta!  Look, I run some slots down in West Bend for a mob here. I got a little behind on my payoffs so they figure I been holdin' out on 'em.  They gave me to 4:00 to come up with the cash.  I don't get it there I'm dead.
You ain't goin' nowhere on that leg.
Thanks.  I'm obliged to ya, but I gotta get goin'. 
You're crazy carryin' that kinda money in this neighborhood.  No wonder you got hit.
Naw, it's okay.
You wanted by the law or somethin'?
No, no cops!
You just sit tight, old man.  We're gonna have to get you to a doctor.  I'll call a cop.
Give it to me!  Please.  I gotta know it's all there!
Don't worry, we got the wallet. What happened?  He get ya with the knife?
The wallet.  You gotta go after him. He's got all the money.
Don't worry about it, pal.
Okay, Twist, but you know if this blows up, I can't do ya no good downtown.  Gondorff is Federal.
Good, have 'em down at Stenner's old Pool Hall before 3:00.  We're gonna run through the route tonight.
Paltrow, Sterling, Furey, and the Big Alabama are in from New Orleans. Fiskin and the Boone Kid from Denver, and Phillips, Barnett and Limehouse Chappie from New York. Those and the guys outside should give ya 30 or so to choose from.
No.  Never saw him before.  He's a dick, though.
Twist, you know this guy?
Get me the sheet, Jake.  Let's see who's in town.
These guys have gotta be the quill, Duky.  We can't afford to rank the joint.
I got twenty or so in here tonight. Take your pick.
Listen Duke, we're setting up a wire store.  I need a twenty man boost right away.
Coupla days ago.  I'm workin' a big one with Gondorff on the North Side.
Twist!  When did you get back in town?
That's the way I want it.
If that's the way you want it.
I'm out, Johnny.
You'll take a cut of what I make, won't ya?
Straighten up, kid.  I wouldn't turn ya out if ya weren't ready.  I got a guy named Henry Gondorff I want you to look up.  There ain't a better insideman alive.  He'll teach ya everything ya gotta know.
Aw, I got a brother down in K.C., runs a freight outlet.  I can go halfsies with 'em!  It ain't too exciting, but it's mostly legal.
What the hell you gonna do with yourself?
And I'm tellin' ya now, you're a fool if you don't get into it.  A bigger fool than I was.  I been lookin' for this one all my life, Johnny.  Now I got a chance to step out at the top.
But you played the Big Con.  You said it was nothin'.  A game for flakes and mama's boys.
Aw hell, you sound like some goddamn sucker.  You know everything I know.  You got nothin' more to learn from me.
Hey look.  You think I'm gonna run out on ya or somethin'?  Just cause we hit it big.  Luther, I owe you everything.  If you hadn't taught me con, I wouldn't know nothin'.
It's nothin' compared to what you could be makin' on the Big Con. You're wastin' your time workin' street marks.
What are you talkin' about?  We just took off the biggest score we've ever had.  We can do anything we want now.
I'm gettin' too slow for this racket.  I done the best I'm gonna do.  You hang on too long, you start embarrassin' yourself.
What?
...It's the only reason I ain't quit before now.
I think it's the best...
You think my play is bad?
No class grifter woulda' done it, that's all.
What's eatin' you?  I've blown money before.
You're a con man, and you blew it like a pimp.  I didn't teach ya to be no pimp.
I checked the place out.  There weren't no dicks in there.
In one goddamn night?  What are ya sprayin' money around like that for? You coulda been nailed.
All of it.
How much did ya lose?
I had some appointments.
You're late.  Where you been?
He had his chance and all he did was shoot up a rooming house.  Made a lotte noise and woke up a few cops, but didn't hit nothin'.
He's not comin' in.  Not to get bounced off a job anyway.
And tell Cole I wanta see him when he gets in.
Use Salino.  It'll take a little longer, but there won't be any holes in it.
They didn't think he'd be so cagey, that's all.  They'll get him next time.
Then why ain't he dead?
Salino?  Why waste our best people on a small-time job like this?  It ain't no heavy gee we're after. The guy's a five and dime grifter.
We'll put Salino on it.  I need somebody careful.
We'll be waitin'.
I just got the count.  We'll put the take on the 4:15.
They did 14 grand in Evanston, 16.5 is Gary, and 20 in Cicero.  Looks like you're bringing up the rear, Granger.
Well, hell, you got the whole Chicago south side.  How do ya expect the eight lousy spots I've got to compete with that?
We cleared 22 here.
Believe me, the Man's gonna be real happy.  Looks like we cleared over ten grand this week.
Okay, finish your count and get it up here as soon as you can.  I don't wanta be here all night.
Hell yes.  He does this every year. There's nothing to worry about.
You been making your payoffs, haven't ya?
We had a few problems with the Law this morning.  The Mayor promised the Jaycees to get tough on the rackets again, so he shut everybody down for a couple hours to make it look good.  Nothing serious, it just put us a little behind for the day.
Granger, this is Combs.  Why haven't we heard from ya?  Everybody else is in.
Shove off, Duff.
He was a tear-off rat.  He got what he deserved.  No sense helpin' pay his bills.
He was a con man, wasn't he?
Wasn't no problem a mine.
You the Duff that didn't come up with his end when Little Jeff was sent up?
Buck Duff.  I was in Maxwell's boost in Troy.
Listen to me, Hooker.  What ever you do, don't go back to your place tonight, don't go anyplace you usually go, ya hear me?  Get outa town or somethin', but...
Aw Christ, it doesn't make no difference now.  If Snyder knows about it so does everybody else. He never gets anything first...Damn, there's no answer at Luther's.
What the hell you gonna do when Snyder rushes his finger right to Lonnegan?  You're committin' suicide, kid.
I did.  That stuff I gave him was counterfeit.  They'll pinch him the first place he tries to spend it.
I thought you blew all your money.
Forget it.
I don't look any good in clothes and I don't know how to drive. What else ya got to sell, Eirie?
You could buy yourself some things. Clothes, or a nice car...
I like griftin'.
If you saved a little, you wouldn't have to grift so much.
There's always a depression on.
You ain't gonna have nothin' if you don't lay off them games of chance. There's a depression on ya know.
We were partners.  If it weren't for Luther I'd still be hustlin' pinball down at Gianelli's.  I don't need anything more than I got.
Aw come on, it was the only thing to do.  He knew he was holdin' ya back.
How do you like that Coleman, huh? After three years.
The bastard.  He can blow his nose all the way.
Straight north.  He was gonna take it all and run.
Which way did he do, Eirie?
Hey, Luther told me he was carrying a wad, but I didn't figure this much.
What am I supposed to do?  Call him for cheating better than me?
I know I give him four threes.  We can't let him get away with that.
Nothin'.  They gotta be outa there early.  I'm gonna bust that bastard in one play.
What do ya want the others to get?
I don't care.  Load me a deck.  Set it up for threes and nines.  I'll cut it in on his deal.
You've only been playin three hours, Doyle.
I've had it with that bum, Floyd. Stack me a cooler.
Good lad.
Yes sir.
Name's Danny McCoy.  No Neck McCoy we called him.  Runs a few protection rackets for Carnello while he's waiting for something bigger to come along.  Me and Danny been friends since we were six. Take a good look at that face, Floyd, cause if he ever finds out we let one lousy grifter beat us, you'll have to kill him and every other hood in Chicago who'd like to do the same thing.  You understand what I'm sayin'?
They staked out the other guy's place last night, but he never showed.  They figure maybe he skipped town.  You wanna follow 'em up?
Hackers.
Combs gave it to Reilly and Cole.
Who's got the contract?
They're still looking for him.
What about the other one?
We got word from Chicago.  They got one of the grifters last night. The nigger.
All right, mark Mottola up a little and put him on a bus.  Nothin' fancy, just enough to keep him from coming back.  Get some local people to take care of the other two.  We gotta discourage this kinda thing.
I don't know.  Could be.  We're runnin' that down now.
They workin' for anybody?
No, we checked his story with a tipster.  He was cleaned by two grifters on 47th.
You sure he didn't just pocket it?
Mottola.
Which one?
It's important.  We had a little trouble in Chicago today.  One of our runners got hit for 12 grand.
I'm busy, Floyd.
Doyle, can I see you a minute?
All he's gotta do is read.
Does J.J. know how to use this thing?
We bought ya a tap into Moe Anenberg's wire.  He's got eyes at every track in the country.  You'll get race results, odds, scratches, pole positions, everything; and just as fast as Western Union gets 'em.
Just give us what ya can, Benny. We'll send a truck down.
You want the stuff tomorrow or don't ya?  It's gonna take hours just to clean it up.  Besides, Gondorff's still a hot item.  Where am I gonna be if he gets hit?
C'mon, you can do better than that. We ain't no heel grifters.
All right, I'll rent ya everything I got in the warehouse for two grand.  That'll give ya phones, cages, blackboards and ticker gear. You supply the guys to move 'em. If you want a counter and bar, that's another grand.  I don't know where the hell I'm gonna get 'em though.
All we need is the bookie setup for now.  We'll worry about the telegraph office later.
Been a while since I stocked a wire store.  Not many mobs playing that anymore.
Got to.  Gondorff's ridin' the mark in from New York on the Century.
I don't know.  This is kinda short notice.  I'm not sure we can get it all done by Saturday.
Looks all right.  It's big enough and off the street.
Naw, I'd just blow it.
You wanta wait for your share?
You were right, Henry.  It's not enough... But it's close.
You beat him, kid.
Ain't nothin' gonna make up for Luther, kid.  Revenge is for suckers.  I been griftin' 30 years and never got any.
I appreciate your stickin' your neck out.  I wouldn't have asked ya if it weren't for Luther.
Yeh.
Henry.
Seems worthwhile, doesn't it? Maybe it's just for the cave-in on Lonnegan's face when we put in the sting.
Then why you doin' it?
I better do some packin'.  I'm gonna be a hot number again after tomorrow.
Two or three hundred I guess. Sometimes played two a day when I was in Shea's mob.  We had it down to a business.  'Course Chicago was a right town then.  The fix was in.  The dicks took their end without a beef.  All the Wall Street boys wanted to make investments for us.  Even had marks looking us up, thinkin' they could beat the game.  Yeh, kid, it really stunk.  No sense in bein' a grifter if it's the same as bein' a citizen.
How many guys you conned in your life, Henry?
Take it easy, you won't lose him now.  We had him 10 years ago when he decided to be somebody.  Believe me, I've seen enough to know.
Luther always told me to bite my toenails when I get nervous.  You see yourself doin' that and you realize it ain't worth it.
Just a little nervous, that's all.
What's the matter, kid?  You're not sayin' much.
Christ, they'll probably miss you and hit me.
A couple days; that's all I'm askin'.  I can stay clear that long.
You just won't learn, will ya. Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet.  You're just like all them new jerks. Lotsa nerve and no brains.  And ten years from now when me and the others are through and you dumb guys are all dead there won't be one gee left who knows the Big Con was anything more than a way to make a livin'.
All we need is a couple days, Henry. A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan down and stomp on 'em.
You know how easy it'd be for one of Lonnegan's guys to nail you?
You can't play your friends like marks, Hooker.
It was too noisy.
Then why'd ya move outa your room?
Nothin'.  I told ya everything there is.
Well you found him again and we're gonna have to do somethin' about it. What else haven't ya been tellin' me?
I thought I'd lost him.
Why didn't you tell me about Snyder before?
He'll show.
No.
Did he say he wouldn't?
You think he'll show?
Did he hold you up on anything?
Then he drove me home.  He tried to put himself away as legit, so I went right into the pitch.
Hell, they don't do that and you know you're not gettin' through to 'em.
He threatened to kill me.
And?
I gave him the breakdown just like ya told me to.
How 'bout Lonnegan?
No, not a thing.
You know, somebody tailin' ya.  A torpedo or somethin'.
What do ya mean?
No signs of trouble?
Yeh, it was easy.
Everything go all right?
Well we got some workin' money anyway.
How'd ya do?
If we ever get to it.
You just worry about your end, kid.
Let him wait.
He's waitin' for you in the card room.
Neither are we.
He's not as tough as he'd like to think.
If I can find a mob that'll risk it. But no matter what happens, I don't want you comin' back to me halfway through and sayin' it's not enough... cause it's all you got.
Then you'll do it?
Right down to my socks, turkey.  If I'da been half as scared a that lop-ear, I wouldn't a fallen asleep on 'em.  Lonnegan might kill me, but at least he won't bore me to death.
You're sacred of 'em, aren't ya?
You gotta keep Lonnegan's con, even after you spent his money.  And no matter how much you take from his, he'll get more.
I never played for winos.
This isn't like playin' winos on the street.  You gotta do more than outrun the guy.
We'll get by without 'em.
You can't do it alone, ya know.  It takes a mob of guys like you and enough money to make 'em look good.
'Cause I don't know enough about killin' to kill him.
Why?
I'll take him anyway.
And a packing company, a chain of Savings and Loans and half the politicians in Chicago and New York. There ain't a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blows on ya.
Aw right, he runs the numbers outta the south side.
Yeh, he croaked Luther.  What else do I gotta know.
You know anything about him?
I wanna play for Lonnegan.
You didn't act much like you wanted to learn it.
Gondorff, you gonna teach me the Big Con or not?
You never do, kid.
I don't know.  Haven't seen anybody.
Lonnegan after you, too?
I picked something up on the way.
You gonna stay for breakfast, or do you already know how to eat?
No, I lammed it around for a while while things cooled off.  Philly, Denver, Baltimore, nuthin' towns.
He didn't tell me you was a fuck- up, either.  You played the Big Con since then.
Luther didn't tell me you had a big mouth.
You mean you blew it.
Aw, I conned a Senator from Florida on a stocks deal.  A real lop-ear. He thought he was gonna take over General Electric.  Some Chantoozie woke him up, though, and he put the feds on me.
He had you down as a big-timer. What happened?
I'm sorry about Luther.  He was the best street worker I ever saw.
Yeh, Luther said you could teach me something.  I already know how to drink.
Glad to meet ya, kid.  You're a real horse's ass.
I can talk, can't I?
You sober?
Turn the goddamn thing off, will ya.
He wants to put a half million on Syphon.
What's the problem?
If we're lucky, this'll bring him back stronger than ever.
Looks like he's sulking.
Get a couple extra guys in the line, then.  We'll give him the shut-out.
Not enough to cover a bet that big.
He's gonna hit ya with 20 grand, Eddie.  How much cash we got?
I also gotta win.
All you gotta do is show up with some money and look like a fool.
That's why he won't know it.
The wire is ten years outa date.
We'll use the wire.  Never known a gambler who wouldn't like to beat the ponies.
Fancies himself a gambler, huh?
The porters say he runs a braced card game in one of the cars.  $100 minimum, straight poker.  Last time he pulled in here ten grand heavier than he left New York.
Wonder why he doesn't fly both ways.
He's been taking the 8:10 Century Limited outa New York on Friday and getting in here early Saturday morning.  He usually stays a day to check on his policy operations, and then flies back.
Nothin' yet.  I got a good one on the lead at Hialeah, but he's fadin'.
How ya doin'?
That's what I like about these guys, J.J... They always got protection against things we'd never do to 'em.
Look at that.  He's got four apes with him.
Nice work, J.J.
He usually plays with a Royal or a Cadenza.  I got you one of each.  He likes to cold deck low, 8's or 9's.
Yeh, I think so.  I gave the kay- ducer a C-note.  You find out the deck?
You in?
We'll give him the hook on the train, and play him here.  You think I can get in that poker game, Eddie?
I'm not sure I know it.
Everybody'll sit still for somethin'. What did ya find out about the train, Eddie?
Lonnegan's a fast egg, Henry.  He's not gonna sit still for a standard play.
You're more gutless than I thought.
A half mill on an eight to one shot. You're dumber than I thought, Lonnegan.
What are the odds on Syphon?
If ya win it could make ya, too.
I can't lay that off in time.  We lose a bet that big, it could break us.
Make sure you see cash from this guy, Eddie.  He's got the name for bettin' money he don't have.
The name is Lonnegan.
Never get enough, huh pal?  I'd think you'd get tired of losin', Honnigan.
What!  Don't give me that crap you little weenie.  How do I know you ain't gonna take a powder.  You come to a game like this, you bring your money.
I guess I left it in my room.
Raise 5,000.
See and raise 1,000.
Raise 500.
Raise 1,000.
Pass.
Raise 300.
Five and call.
See and raise five.
See ya and raise three.
Raise 500.
Lonnegan.
Yeh, that'd be real nice of ya, Mr. Lonneman.
Don't have much choice, do ya?
How do I know you're tellin' the truth.
Gondorff asked me to look after ya.
Who are you?
Too many people coulda seen ya go in her room.  She was a professional. Used to work in the Dutch Schultz gang.
She coulda killed me last night.
Then you'll have to come up with another grand somewhere.
My end was only one.
Nobody can buy you a prayer, if I put the finger on ya.
I'll square it with the fixer.
Not intentionally maybe, but that don't make no difference to Lonnegan. He'll swat you like any fly.
You're crazy.  I'm not stupid enough to play for rackets money.
I'll tell ya what you did, smart boy.  You tied into a loaded mark on 47th across from Maxies.  You and Coleman played the switch for him and blew him off to a cab on 49th.  If he hadn't been a numbers runner for Doyle Lonnegan, it woulda been perfect.
Aw, find yourself a shoplifter to roll.
You scored blood money today, Hooker.  You need a friend.
Hi there, Snyder.  Things a little slow down at the Bunco Department tonight, eh?  Somebody lose the dominoes?
Think nothin' of it.
Thank you.  You don't know how much I appreciate this.
All right, I'll give ya a break.  Down that hall there, there's an unmarked door on the left.  Go on in there and wait at the window. I'll take this...  ...in the back and run it through right away.  We'll have you outta there in a couple minutes.
I'm sorry, really I am, but my train leaves in ten minutes.
We'll get 'em!  Give us a chance. I'm not the only agent in here, ya know.  We go around advertising ourselves, how many counterfeiters do you think we'd catch, huh?  You think I'm wearin' this rag here 'cause I like it?  Christ, everybody thinks life's a holiday or somethin' when you got a badge.  I been here since three this morning, Charlie, and I never knew there was so much ugliness in people.  You try to help 'em and they spit on you.  I shoulda let ya go and gotten yourself arrested for passin' false notes.
But what about all these other people?
It'll only take 20 minutes or so. You can pick it up at the window down the hall.
But I got a train to make.
Then I'm afraid we'll have to impound your money until we're sure that it's all good.  Can I see your wallet and your ticket, please?
Yes, a ticket to Chicago.
We don't doubt that, but there's a counterfeiting operation passing bad money in the station.  Have you made any purchases here today?
What for?  I haven't done anything.
Excuse me, sir.  Treasury Dept... I'd like to ask you a few questions.
You know me.  I'm just like you... It's two in the morning and I don't know nobody.
I don't even know you.
If I expected somethin', I wouldn't be still standin' out here in the hall.
And you expect me to come over, just like that.
I don't mean nothin' by it.  I just don't know many regular girls, that's all.
You move right along, don't ya.
I, ah...thought you might wanna come out for a while.  Maybe have a drink or somethin'.
Yeh, this time anyway.
Looks like he missed ya.
He'd like to kill me.
What does this guy want?
Just do what I tell ya and everything'll be jake.
What the hell for?
All right, do me a favor.  Go into the bathroom, open the window and wait for me there.
No.
Look, I don't have time to fuck around.  There's somebody out there I don't need to see.  You got a fire escape or anything?
No.  What's wrong with the front?
You got a back door to this place?
Yeh, sleepin'.
You doin' anything tonight?
2:00 A.M.
What time you get off work here?
Sixty-five.
Meat loaf, apple pie and a cup of coffee.
I don't know.  Depends what train I get on.
Where you goin'?
She don't work here no more.  I'm fillin' in for a couple days... till I can get a train outa here.
Where's June today?
It isn't any better.
Yeh, I guess I shoulda had the meat loaf.
You done?
Well we can't talk in here.  They're having the place painted.
I thought it might be good for him to see the setup.
What the hell's the matter with you. We coulda met at a club or somethin'.
Les, I got Mr. Lonnegan with me. He wants to see you a second.
Okay, Tootsie.
Tomorrow, after 4:00.  Stay inside, I'll come in and get ya.  And be hard on him for a while; he's talking money.
All right, when?
Twist?  I told him the tale.  He wants to see ya.
No.  They're just the only ones we know of.
You sure it'll be one of these two?
Three grand on the black, Jimmy.
Aw, come on, Hooker, why don't you just...
I feel lucky tonight.
You sure you wanna start off that big?  Bet like that could put a real dent in us.
You gonna have a go here?  How 'bout a ten spot on the line here.  The 4-9 been lookin' good today.  Lotsa action on 28th Street down there, too.  Pay ya 10-1.
Naw, just a little hard times, that's all.  It's all over now.
Ain't seen you in months, boy. Thought maybe you took a fall.
How ya doin', Jimmy.
Hooker!
I don't know, figure something out.
How am I gonna do that?
Tell your friend I'll have the money here by post-time tomorrow. We'll take the first race where the odds are 4-1 or better.  And make sure I can get to that window this time.
Oh, Jesus.
I didn't get the bet down in time.
What happened?
He's right, Les.
A week's a long time, friend. Anything can happen.  All of it bad.
Had a little fight with a raggle down on 13th.  She got me with her ring.
What happened to your face?
You want your money back?  Try and get it in a court of law.  C'mon, don't be a sorehead.  I'll make it worth your while.  Migth even help ya finance the big play if this one works out.
No.
Let me talk to him.
I gotta talk to me partner first. We can't afford to expose our game too much.
If your system's as foolproof as you say, you'll get even more.
What is this?  That's my money. You tryin' to muscle me?
I think we oughta place another bet tomorrow.
Not yet, but...  Hey, there's only a grand here.
You got the 400 grand yet?
It's foolproof.  We got a partner downtown runs the central office of the Western Union.  Race results from all over the country come in there and go right across his desk on their way to the bookies.  All he does in hold them up a couple minutes until he can call us and get a bet down on the winner.  Then he releases the results to the bookies and we clean up on a race that's already been run.  It can't miss, unless the Western Union Dicks get onto it.
I'm in.
You stayin' in or not?
You got a system, Carver?
'Cause it's better to do it all at once.  We're puttin' down 400 grand next week.  At 5-1 we make 2 million. Twenty per cent of that is yours if ya stick with us.
Why don't ya then.
Lucky, hell.  I could do it every day.
You're a lucky man, all right.
Well, what did I tell ya?
Give 'em a little time.
You really picked a winner, kid.
I am after this race.
And you were gonna pay me back?
This is just a test.  The big one comes later.  Be careful with that though, it's all I got.
You're not gonna break him with a $2,000 bet.
Sometime after 1:00 a guy's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse.  All you do is take this two grand across the street to Shaw's place and bet it on that pony.  There's nothin' to it, but don't take too much time.  We only have 3 or 4 minutes after you get the call.
Get on with it then.
I was afraid you weren't gonna come. We haven't got much time.
You should always look to the back too, kid.
If I'm not there by quarter of, I'm not coming.
660 Marshall Street.  Tomorrow at 12:30, if you're interested.
You're dreamin', kid.
Maybe a couple million.
That's worth fifteen grand to ya?
If you help me out, I'll pay ya back the money you owe Shaw, myself.
All you gotta do is place a bet for me at Shaw's place.  I'll supply all the money and the information.
I'm a banker, friend.  That's legit in this state.
I need somebody respectable...but not completely legit.  What I'm gonna do isn't very legal.
Why me?  Shaw probably has lotsa enemies to choose from.
All right, then.
Naw, he picked up some jane in the bar.  Can't see him till morning anyway.
What's the matter?  You gotta get back to Shaw?
Cause I'm tired of bein' his nigger.  I want you to help me break him.
Then why the rat?
So could Shaw.
I could have you put under this train for this, errand boy.
You were set up, Lonnegan.  Shaw's been planning to beat your game for months.  He was just waiting for you to cheat him so he could clip ya.
He hired a dame to take it from ya.
What do you mean?
Yeh, he knows that.
He'll have to take a check.  I couldn't find my wallet.
He cheats.
Your boss is quite a card player, Carver.  How does he do it?
Just as long as I get to finish the play.
All right, Hooker, but you take it on the lam, and we'll shoot you down on sight.
I mean completely played.  Until he's beat and the score is taken. You come in before we beat him and I'll kill him.  You'll have a tough time explaining that, won't ya.
Hell yes.  We don't care about the mark.  He deserves what he gets.
Will you wait until the chump is played?
Like hell.  You won't even get a review till you're seventy.  And if the board starts to go soft, we'll let ya out in the yard some night with a hard-nose young bull who'll put fifty slugs in your face and ask what you were doin' there later.
I'll make parole.
You've already done time twice, and judges don't like three time losers. You wanna sit in the can for forty years, startin' tonight?
No.
Look, I got nothin' against you, but you're in trouble here.  All you gotta do is tell us when Gondorff's gonna play his chump. We come in at the sting, make the pinch, and you walk out free as a bird.  No questions, no court appearance, nothing.
We'll get it, and if we can't, we'll just make it up.  Grand larceny, extortion.  Counterfeiting, anything you want.
You got nothin' on me.
Lt. Snyder doesn't know shit.
Well give yourself a couple seconds, crumb.  You wouldn't wanna lie to me.  Lt. Snyder here says you done a lotta griftin' in this town.
Don't think I know him.
We want to talk to ya about Henry Gondorff.
No.
You want a drink or something?
On the nose!  I said place.  Place it on Syphon.  That horse is going to run second.
Take it easy.  Everything's all right.  I put it on Syphon, on the nose.
Not if you want me to keep makin' 'em for ya.
Yeh, and what if we play tomorrow and he doesn't come up with the money.  We risk our whole operation for nothing.  I'll say when we make our bets.
With 20% coming off the top for me laying your bet.  Either way you end up with 40.
We were getting 50 from our guy.
If it works again tomorrow, I'll have a half million in cash here by noon the next day.  We split 60-40.
On a 6-1 shot?  The hell with ya. We'll keep the deal we got.
I need more proof, that's all. Anybody can get lucky once.
But who says you will.  I got a guy I can depend on.  He's liquidating everything he has for this.  You wouldn't even give Carver his money back.
I could come up with 750 grand in a day if I had a reason to.
Can't do it.  There're telegraph inspectors all over the place.  I got 750 grand coming in from the coast, and I'm not gonna blow it for a lousy 14 gees.  We'll get somebody else to do our betting.
All right, get outa here.  You're outta work.
I don't know.  He took it hard.
Yeh, and what does Cole say about that?
There wasn't any way he coulda known we was in there.  We made a clean pick on the lock and didn't leave no footprints in the hall. Somebody musta wised him up.
You weren't hired to miss him.
We missed him.
All right, Riley.  What the hell happened?
Never heard of the place.
This is the last time I expect to see you down here.
Only rents by the month.  Two hundred and fifty for the two of them.
I'll need a room over there that faces this way.  How much a week?
For fifteen years.
We'll take it.  You manage the building at the end of the alley?
I think he will.
He'll never do it.
He's gonna set up Gondorff for us.
What the hell good is Hooker to ya?
Don't crack wise to me, flatfoot. I spent a lotta time in dumps like this, eatin' Gondorff's dust while the bunco squad gets rich tippin' him off.  But it's not gonna happen this time.  We're not even gonna let the police know we're here.  If you keep your mouth shut and do a job, there'll be a promotion in it for ya.  And you better take it, cause I can make ya work for us without it.
Wouldn't that be too bad.  You'd hafta move outa this nice office ya got.
Cause the stoolies are used to street dicks jumpin' him.  If word gets around that Feds are in on it too, Gondorff'll fold up the whole thing.
Why don't you pick him up yourself?
There's word he's gonna run a con on the North Side here.  We got a year-old Florida warrant on him, but it's a thin beef, and he can beat it in court unless we catch him cold.  All we want you to do is pick up Hooker for us.
Sure.  Every bunco man in the country knows Gondorff.
Well we do.  He's chummin' around with a Big C named Henry Gondorff. Ring any bells?
Yeh, but I don't know where he is.
Do ya know him or don't ya?
Sit down and shut up, will ya.  Try not to live up to all my expectations.  We were told you know a hustle artist named Johnny Hooker.
What is this?  I got work to do.
