No, darling, lip rouge--all over your mouth.
Baloney!
I like touching you--poison ivy.  You'd just been kissing that girl when I came in, hadn't you?
Will you leave me alone?
And when you do I'll convey your respects by wireless to Herbert.  Take it easy, Lee--no other woman'll ever get you. At least I'm honest when I tell you there must be something pretty low down in me--because I like you.  You're such a swine!
--and I can tell you where to get off.
Oh--a hundred times--
I didn't ask you to come away with me--
Just make it as difficult as possible for you to see her.
You mind your own business! She's an old friend of mine and I like her--what're you going to do about it?
Did you muss up her hair by accident, too?
Don't talk such bunk! She's one of the acts on the ship. I just ran into her by accident.
Don't look so uncomfortable, Lee--it interferes with your good looks. Give me a cigarette.  What did you do--persuade her to come on this voyage with you?
Sure! You're never at a loss for words.
I can explain--
So that's your little dancer that you were playing around with in New York.  Oh--there's no accounting for tastes--  Mine, too, seem to be in the gutter.
And <U>do</U> bring Miss Marsh--  --when she's had time to tidy up a bit.
I'll join you later.
Well--shall we go into dinner?
Yes--I met Miss Marsh. In fact, she always seems to be turning up in the most unusual circumstances.  What's the matter, Miss Marsh--aren't you feeling well?
This is Miss Marsh.
Hope we're not intruding.
I'm sorry, but you three men can play poker or something.  Shall I see you tomorrow?
But, Anya, dear! Unless you play we won't have a fourth.
That's fine--because you're going to see a lot of me ... for the rest of your life.
Don't be crazy--I'm tickled to death to see you.
Here's to Europe!  Couldn't try to look a little less glum, could you?
I never want to go back....
Sure!
When I found out you were going I just had an attack of nerves--a few tears--and Herbert was on his way downtown to get my passport ... so who cares ... I'm here with you ... and that's all that matters to me.
How'd you ever get away with it?
You're a charming liar. You <U>know</U>, Herbert's too dull to be suspicious about anything--even when I suddenly decided to come to Europe at a few hours' notice--
I had an idea your husband was getting suspicious.
It would be a nice change from you.
Do you want the truth, Anya?
Then why the sudden exit without even telling me?
I wasn't running out on you. When I got over there-- made my plans--I'd have sent for you.
Any woman's crazy to feel about a man the way I do about you.
Anya, I think you're crazy.
Don't you hate people that surprise you? ... I do.  We can't stand here.
Anya!
Why worry? It was insured--how about that swimming lesson I promised you?
No--I'm furious!--Nobody seems to do anything about it--
Yes--and <U>very</U> popular-- 
Isn't she lovely?
Thanks.
We'll save you a place at our table.
Will you please excuse me? I'll be right back.
That's a date. 
I hope so.
Glad to see you again.
Good afternoon--
Sooner--if you like.  See you again, I hope.
Thanks. I'll be there. About seven-thirty?
Yes, yes--the air--  --I'm getting plenty of air.  Miss Marsh--Mrs. Rosson.
Feeling a little better, I see.
I'm just commencing to enjoy this trip.
I can think of nothing nicer. It's very kind of you to invite me--
I think you do.
I don't understand.
You were indiscreet enough to leave your gloves in my apartment one evening--  --and he was gentleman enough to boast <U>why</U> you'd been there and show me a snapshot of you.
Sorry I can't return the compliment.
You're Anya Rosson, aren't you? I've heard of you back in New York.
Thanks, no. I despise any form of exercise.  Don't forget we have an engagement for cocktails and cards.
How do you do. Would you care to finish the game? I have a slight earache.  --and it's so noisy up here.
Where's Lother?
No-o!
No!--Did <U>you</U> take that bracelet?
Did you find it?
I'm going down to my cabin. I have to send a wireless-- see you later.
You're lucky--out my way, in Montana, there's nothing else to do--
<U>Gladly</U>.
Will you pardon me?
Well, it'll have to be poker--but I'm so unlucky in that game.
You'll excuse me. 
Isn't that interesting?
--that's what we call double-a grade lumber, ma'am; You don't find a knot in a thousand feet.
Lumber, ma'am--spent all my life out there piling up a bank balance--  --and now gosh darn it--"Honest Jack"--that's what they call me--is goin' to see the world.
Montana?
A rare pleasure to meet you, ma'am! Where I come from --out in Montana--we have some pretty women, but I guess if you walked down Main Street they'd turn out the fire brigade.
Get moving--
Guess again, copper.
Is that why you killed Lee Lother?
Stick-up. Needed dough to get ashore.
What did you want a gun for?
Lifted it out of a guy's cabin last night.
Where'd you get it?
I'll lay odds you get a pair of 'em--Why, a high-school kid could take you saps--and another thing--Lay off Sally Marsh.  --"Honest Jack"! One look at your mug and the whole world buttons up its pockets.
And I'll lay odds you got that bracelet.
I'm making it to you. If I don't get it by tonight--you'll find it a <U>rough</U> voyage.
Oh, no--I played with <U>your</U> cards--in <U>your</U> cabin--at <U>your</U> suggestion--If you've got a kick coming, make it to the Purser.
In that case--you owe us exactly sixteen hundred dollars.
I agree with you--no gentleman, would--But I would--  --especially when my opponents have taken the precaution of marking the cards.
No gentleman would do that.
Sure!  Excuse me.
Could I see you a minute?
Fine--I'll be glad to.
How about a little game later?
That depends on how mother's feeling. You'll excuse me, gentlemen?
You're coming back--
And me coming in with two pair-- 
Aces full.
I'll bet a couple of hundred.
I should pass, but I'll trail along--I'll take three. 
If I ever won a pot that large the boat would sink. 
Well, I'm off to a pretty good start.
Not at all.
We haven't any chips, Mr. Brett--Do you mind playing with cash?
We'll be expecting you.
Hmm! So am I. If you'll excuse me I have some important unfinished business. I'll see you all later.
What's the matter?
Well, I'll be--!!!
Jimmy!
I'm going to return the bracelet right now and face the consequences.
I'll be waiting on deck.
Seven-fifty. Positively my last offer.
Make it five.
I'll change and be with you in ten minutes.
Come on--let's take a swim.
I'm beginning to think you're a pretty swell guy.
You can't lose me, Sally--I'm no lily myself!
He's a con man--crooked as a tree--and I was part of the racket--helped him!  Now--if you have an appointment elsewhere--I'll excuse you!
You can live that down, can't you?
Too much--Remember--I warned you about me--  I used to be Lee Lother's girl--
What do you know about them?
That was the come-on--promise me you won't play with them again--
Lose?--I won a little--
Oh, you infant! How much did you lose?
A Mr. Summers and a man called Lother.
Who with?
Just met her on the boat--supposed to play bridge with her yesterday--but she wouldn't--so we played poker instead.
How well do you know her?
Yes--I remember--
Oh, that's Mrs. Rosson--remember, you met her yesterday?
I could see you were pining away--
Good night, idiot!
Good night, Mrs. Brett!
I think we ought to walk.
I'll give you plenty of rings as soon as I get the stones set--what do you think?
You're a little ahead of yourself--the usual routine would be for you to propose, and if I accept, then you'd give me an engagement ring--
You didn't?--I guess I forgot to tell you--
I didn't <U>know</U> we were <U>going</U> to be married.
I think we'll live in Europe after we're married?
What?--
Yes--you know what I've been thinking, Sally?--
What, again?
We'll let it go at that--
Lonesome?
This time I'm really glad you showed up.
Yes--is it all right if I come like this? 
Would you like to take a turn around the deck with me?
You said it! How about a little action?
Don't let's talk about it.
You mean that?
Let's forget it--can't you see I kind of like you, too ... and I don't want to get involved.
Sally--!
--I know what I'm talking about. I'm no high-school girl looking through a window--reaching for the moon.  Guess I'll be going.
But--
Will you take some advice?  If you're looking for romance--count me out--  --if you know what's good for you.
For once I'm dead on the level--  --crazy about you!
Don't kid me. I'm in no mood for it.
You don't know anything about me. If you did, you probably wouldn't be here.
I can't blame the ocean--it's you.
That's funny--so was I.  Guess the ocean makes one sentimental
A lot of things I'd like to forget.
What are you thinking?
Decent?  I guess any guy could be decent--if you were interested.
Mighty decent of you, pal.
Anything I can do?  I'd jump overboard if it'd help you.
Thanks.
Sorry.
A little.
I must say you're persistent--  --it's kind of flattering.
You're forgiven if you don't make dates with anybody except me for the rest of the voyage.
I'm sorry I'm late, but something happened.
I'll be there--Good-by.
See you at seven-thirty in the lounge.
Wrong again--  But I dislike possessive women.
Fatal fascination of James Brett wins out.
Okay.
Sooner it you like.
At seven-thirty?
When?
But I'll have cocktails with you.
Don't rub it in.
Well, I can't.
Yes?
You asked me to dine with you tonight.
Don't be a c-a-t.
Very--your mother?
Isn't she attractive?
--you want to adopt him!--Good for you!
A little boy that has escaped from his nurse and--
Tell me.
What a horrible death! Do you know what you remind me of?
I want you to get used to my voice--you're going to hear it a lot.
Nothing to speak of. What is this--third degree?
Married?
Keep your eyes on the ball, Mister.
You know, you're not a <U>bad</U>-looking girl. In fact--I think you're lovely.
Even Cupid's becoming modern, using medicine balls instead of darts.
You <U>are</U> a lunatic!
Don't stop, nurse--I think I'm going to faint.
Mr Denby and Mr. McKinney.
Brett is the name.
This is Mr.--er--
Well--breakfast?  Lunch?
Never eat before the show.
Aw--give a feller a break. My cards are on the table-- I want to know you. How about dining with me tonight?
You work too fast for me, young man.
Oh, yes, I am, because <U>afterwards</U>--up here in the moonlight.
You're not very ambitious, are you?
This is great. I'll be able to watch your act every night.
Have we?--Well, I'd just as soon play shuffle-board.
--sorry--got an appointment to play shuffle-board.
There's soft music--
Good-by!
Wait a minute!--They're dancing in the palm court--
Good-by.
How about giving me another coat?
So you washed it off!
Don't thank me. Do you recognize me without the lipstick?
Oh--hello!  I got the flowers. That was sweet of you--thank you.
Where have you been hiding?
No! Don't touch it! I want the <U>world</U> to see my <U>shame</U>.
--You'll have all the boys tipping their hats to you--  --let me wipe it off.
I could stand some more--
You've got lipstick all over you.
Very much--
Like her paint job?
Yes--
Nice lines--
I'll say she is!
She looks like a lot of other boats. I grant you she's beautiful. 
I wouldn't miss this boat for a million.
Yes--are you?
I'd <U>like</U> to be.  Sailing on the <U>Progress?</U>
I thought you were one of my friends.
Want to take it back?
I'm so sorry!
Get it!
On the drunk.
Where did you hide it?
Why--I--er thought with all this heat turned on I'd hide it.
Listen, Runt--Quick! Where's the ice?
Hello, Jimmy. What's up?
See you later, Shortie--I'm off to the pool.
Say--wait a minute!
Sure! McKinney will never suspect you--
<U>Me</U>!
You keep it-- 
Sure--and to show you I'm a regular fella--  Here's that twenty-five hundred. 
Partners, ain't we?
About sixteen hundred.
Oh, is she? What a shame!  You'll pardon me?
Your mother is feeling seasick and would like to see you right away.
What is it?
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr Brett, but I have a message for you.
I'll take one. 
Thank you, sir. 
Thank you.  I owe you a dollar forty--here--keep the change.
Here's your twenty-five hundred, Mr. Brett.
Yes, Mr. Brett--right away.
Have the purser give you twenty-five hundred dollars for this check--and bring the cash here.
That's where you come in. Now, listen, Shortie--
Well, if that's the case, you're sure of winning the first couple of hands--But what about after that?
They won't squawk--they're professionals.
Well, I had to get some dough to play with those suckers. Here, get this changed.
You take some awful chances.
Here--drop it where they'll find it and return it to him. He's not a bad egg. I'll ship him back the fifty before we arrive.
You know where that sense of humor's goin' to get you one of these days--
I fell in his arms--Couldn't resist it.
Are you screwy?
Inspector McKinney.
Now you're talkin'!
Right!--but it doesn't have to apply to you--Keep your eyes open for anybody wearing a lot of cracked ice and give me the office.
Pleasure first if it don't interfere with business.
Shortie!--you know my motto?
A dollar forty--out of the two dollars I gave you.
Change?
My change.
No, sir?
Just a minute, steward--haven't you forgotten something?
Why <U>didn't</U> I think of that?--I am going to scout around and see if I can find her.
Maybe she's in the show--One of the troupers--did you ever think of that?
She was wearing a white dress with a cute, black hat-- and carrying a bag with S. M. on it.  Funny--her name's not on the passenger list. 
This is a business trip!
A thousand? She's one in a million--right off the top of the rosebush!
--there's thousands of 'em!
Oh, Shortie!--  --there's a girl on this ship--
Don't let money spoil a beautiful friendship. Look at these here telegrams to be delivered! This ain't a job-- it's a marathon.
Is that a nice way to talk to a pal?
Until then--the dollar forty stays with me.
Come on--  I'll promote a card game, and we'll be sitting pretty.
Not a chance.
I'll need it--gave my last buck to the bedroom steward.
A dollar forty.
How're the tips?
Yeah--but high livin's made me soft.
Stop squawking! You were doing this job on a ship four years ago when I first picked you up, weren't you?
Yer lucky I'm here at all. I tell you, Jimmy--my feet'll never hold out.
Looks like he's taking a trip--see the baggage? The only time they ever picked me up, McKinney walked through the room while they were grilling--let's see how good his memory is.
You don't think--?
Shortie, look!
You're a wise guy--Gimme back--
Oh, no--You're not gonna give my hard-earned money away.
Quick, let me have that money. I'm broke and I'll need it for tips.
I'll watch for him, sir.
He's a colored man in chauffeur's uniform carrying a basket of fruit.
Yes, sir!--I will, sir--Certainly, sir!
Nix, the law!
I'll give you half of it.  Here's seventy cents. 
No, you're not. Give me that dollar seventy.
A dollar seventy and I'm gonna keep it!
It'll never hurt you---Got any money?
Oh, I'm not squawkin', but I'm not used to working and it's a bad habit to get into.
No bank roll there, boy.  Lucky I could get you signed on--they picked up that Pittsburgh jeweler--made him talk. The heat's on, Shortie--and those Atlantic breezes are going to be mighty welcome.
We coulda got two third-class!
We didn't have enough dough for two tickets, did we?
If I was smart I wouldn't be working my way over on this ship. 
I thought you were a smart guy.
Oh, putting on the swell, eh?
Don't you know better than to talk to me with people around?
Not here--follow me around the shed.
Make it three, boys--I'll play this hand pat.
That goes two ways.
Think again--
I thought you were a sucker--
Why isn't that a good time to quit?
Why, you wouldn't quit when you're ahead, would you?
Well, to tell you the truth, gentlemen, I've sworn off playing poker.
Much better--thank you--
How's your mother feeling?
It's a pleasure.
It's your deal.
That beats two Pairs. I'm glad <U>I</U> didn't win the first pot. Take the money, Mr. Brett.
Three Jacks.
Don't worry about that.  We'll settle after the hand. Out in Montana where I come from a man's word is all that's necessary. What have you got?
I'll bet a couple of hundred--  I wonder what's keeping that boy.
Hope I didn't keep you waiting.
Come in! 
Thanks. That makes us square.
Here's your fifty.
Why, I--
Mmmmmmmmmhm....  Now, Jimmy, what were you doing in that corridor before the shots were fired?
You keep out of this--  You admit you thought of killing him--how were you going to do it?
Don't get yourself all worked up--
Don't be too smart, Jimmy--you're out in the rough yourself. You had an argument with Lother a couple of hours before he was killed--but I'll deal with that later--
Thought you might need me--don't talk, kid, and don't let him scare you-- 
Anybody that's taken the trouble to get it would be a mug to put it back.
Nice girl, that--  I'd hate to see <U>her</U> get a raw deal.  You know, the great trouble with crooks is they're <U>too</U> smart. Now if I'd taken that bracelet, I'd find some way to slip it back--I'd know I could never get ashore with it.
It's a bet--come on, Sally!
Wouldn't bet against her.  Tell you what I will do--bet you I find that bracelet before we hit France.  Not a hundred, though--just fifty.
Nooooo!--going to catch up on my reading.  I'll take this one.
Coming to the pool for a swim?
Hello, young fellow!
Then we run our hands down a man's arms and legs-- like this--in case they got what you're looking for attached to a string.  See what I mean, Purser?
Hey!--you're tickling me.
This has nothing to do with me--  But always remember, Purser, when you're searching anybody, take the lining of their coat, like this--  --run your fingers all along these seams.... Then-- back of the collar--<U>here</U>--that used to be a favorite trick--and never forget to put your finger down inside of the shoe--like this.
How about trying your fine Italian hand?
It's easy to see the Purser hasn't had much practice.
Swell!
I'll go with you.
Sure, I'll go.
Well, someone else besides myself may have seen you in the vicinity of Mrs. Rosson's cabin this evening--even the stewards in that corridor insisted on being searched. Get me?
Why?
You know what I'd do, if I were you--before the card game I'd go to the Purser's office.
No, thanks. I've promised to play cards.
How about you?
Nervous. Couldn't sleep. Feel like a nightcap? 
Thought you were going to turn in, Inspector.
Good night!
No, thanks--I'll take a walk around the deck and then turn in--
I wouldn't worry about it--it'll turn up--  How about a nightcap, Inspector?
I wouldn't be surprised--
If he lets you down I'll try my hand at sleuthing--  Bet I could find that bracelet--
Sorry--but I'm on a vacation--
It'll be very interesting to see how you go about solving this, Inspector--
Some of the smartest robberies have taken place aboard ships--
This is exciting--but if it's been stolen they can't get away with it on a ship--
No, thanks--I never gambled in my life.
Care to join us?
I'll go with you--
I'm going to the show--
No--not quite.
Yours, too. Are you the McKinney, the dentist on Calumet Avenue in Chicago?
Before that. Your face is very familiar.
Oh, yes. On the pier.
I think I've met you before, Mr. Brett.
If you hadn't agreed--I was going to throw you overboard-- 
What's that?
O.K., kid--  I'm only sorry for one thing.
Very clear. That's one favor I'll be glad to do you.
Yes--but don't ask me why--because I could never tell you. I don't know what most guys want out of life--but <U>that</U> would be enough for me--I wouldn't care about-- easy money--or--showing off my smart brains--I'd just like to live <U>my</U> life so nothing I did would bounce back and ruin <U>hers</U>--Do I make myself clear?
She did?
I won't--I'll ask for one right now.  Sally tells me she's in love with you.
Good!  At last you're making yourself useful. So long!
I should say not.
I don't know what it is, but I won't use it.  Is she entertaining you?
I would--but our rehearsal starts right away.  Before I go I want to ask you a little favor. Sally is an important part of my show. Some day--not now--when you get a chance--let her come to just one rehearsal. I'll appreciate it.
She was to meet me here--why don't you wait? She ought to be here any minute.
No--I'm looking for Miss Marsh myself. I thought you might know where she is--
Oh, Denby--have you seen Sally around?
Never mind--I'll pay for it now. It'll save time.
Wait a minute--let's match for it.
That's all right. I'll attend to this.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I'm O.K. It didn't hurt much.
That's too bad.
O.K. Heads you win.
Tell you what I'll do.  I'll toss you for her--heads she plays with me.
No--I'll take Sally and give you the best of it.
Now that that's settled, why not make the game a foursome?
Their faces are familiar--but not to each other.
Well. I'd rather see <U>you</U> get it than the company.
Well, there's no use in sending it.  See that--I saved you seven twenty!
Sure.
Just a minute--Your wife knows her own name, doesn't she?
O.K.! Send that!
That's great! There's the address and message all in one word.
June? That's my wife's name.
Fine! Instead of saying "next month"--we'll use one word and say "June."
Next month is June.
Wait a minute--What <U>is</U> next month?
Send that.
Now we get it down to two words--"next month."
Cut it out.
Sure.
Your wife knows that, don't she?
Back is in New York.
Just a minute--I don't think we need the word "Back" --Where <U>is</U> "Back"?
Right. Here's eighty cents. Send it.
Wait a minute--I think I can cut something else out.  "Back in four weeks." Instead of "in four weeks"--say "next month"--That saves another word.
That's right. I owe you a dollar sixty.
"Will--be--back--in--four--weeks." You don't need the "will be." Just say "Back in four weeks."
How?
Wait a minute--I think I can cut out a couple o' more words.
That's right--here's the eighty cents for you. I'd rather see you get it than the company--send it right off.
"Will be back in four weeks"--  --that saves you eighty cents right there!
Then you don't have to tell her--cut out New York.
Sure.
Your wife knows that, don't she?
In New York.
Where do you live?
How?
Eighty cents a word--three--six--nine words. That'll be seven twenty, but it's too much--I'll show you how to save some money.
What'll I say?
Here you are, sir. 
All right, folks, get on your mark. When you hear the pistol shot--
I was never stiffer in my life.
Well, you got the first down--there's one more to go. Come on, we're ready to start right now. Come on. Just keep stiff.
Who won?
Come on, get up.  That horse is carrying too much of a load.
That's fine.
Tell her you're on your way to France and will be back in four weeks.
She's in New York.
Hey, boy--give this man a cablegram blank.  Where is your wife?
That's news to me. I'd better cable my wife.
This is a fine time to be asking that. You're on your way to France.
Not yet.  Say, where is this boat headed for?
Well, did you find me?
Oh, was that me you put to bed? Thanks. I've been looking all over for you.
I thought I put you to bed.
Hello, Denby!
<U>Nuts</U> to you too!
I can see where I won't talk much to you.
So what?
Yes--Me--in person!
Not the <U>real</U> Chad Denby?--
That's me!
I can see you're no gentleman--
Knots!
What?
No. <U>Knots</U>!
Pretty good--thirty <U>miles</U> an hour--
Oh,--we're doing about thirty--
I'll say--how fast is this boat going?
Never mind.
Let me see now--Don't tell me--  You're dumber than me and I'm dumber than you. I don't get it.
Not now, Toots--Which is the right way to say this? You're dumber than me--or--you're dumber than I?
That's right--you're the one I was looking for.  You'll excuse me.   How about you and I being alone?
Oh, there you are--
<U>Denby!</U>--Are you Chad Denby?
He's funny--maybe you can use him in the show, Mr. Denby.
Yes!
Is this your gun?
Yes--but I didn't give it to him--
He asked for a loan of it, didn't he?
I didn't--
Yeah--
Maybe he just travels in bad company.
Well, I'll tell you--we picked him up about a year ago-- but could never pin anything on him.
Oh, nothing--only I wondered why you suspected him.
Well, I've seen him here and there. What's on your mind?
I understand you searched Brett for it last night. By the way--what do you know about him?
Yes, a bracelet's been lost, but I'm still on my vacation.
Hello, Inspector--I hear your vacation's been spoiled. Somebody lost a bracelet.
Oh no--I don't want to impose on you--  It's funny about that billfold--I could have sworn I had it- 
It's all right--if you like honest faces--let's have another drink--Steward!
He's a likable chap--he's got an honest face--
It must be the sea air--it gets everybody.
Those kids seem to be getting along fine!--
Yeah--if he'd only stick to shuffle-board.
You can always tell how much a man's traveled by the way he plays shuffle-board.
Too bad we're not making a trip around the world-- maybe we could finish this game.  Hey! When you get through with that conference, shoot that last disk!
Looks to me like standard equipment for the Department of Street Cleaning--
Here we are, folks--eighty thousand wild-eyed fans go mad--they go mad as Chad Denby--with the arms of iron, and the nerves of steel--picks up his racket--  What is this thing--a racket or a mallet?
Miss Marsh.
McKinney's the name.
Of course--but--  There's your cue--hurry up--
Why--don't you like him?
Very--
Very serious?
Yes.
<U>He</U> does. Here's your quarter, Brett.
I don't get the humor of that remark.
What's the difference? He's got more heads than he needs.
You're just a Master of Ceremonies. He might have knocked his head off.
Guess they're dull--nothing for you to reform.
Women are such fools!--Why do so many of us pass up <U>right</U> guys?
I'll never love anybody else.
Come on, now--you've forgotten all about that.
But not nice enough to marry--eh?
Chad Denby broadcasting--  --the nicest man I ever knew--
Stay on the other side of the pond for a couple of months--you'll soon forget all about it.
Women have a curious taste for knickknacks. When I found out about Ned--tried to make a break--Lee wouldn't stand for it and--well--here I am!
I felt pretty low, Sally, when I heard you were running around with a racketeer--
I was so crazy about him--anything he did or said was O.K. by me.  I introduced him to people--even after I knew his stock promoting was phoney and the card games were crooked. It didn't seem to matter--I didn't care--  --until he roped Ned in. Some confidence game--and the kid left his fingerprints on a drinking glass.
I get it--Lee Lother have a hand in that, too?
It wasn't only that--Ned was in a jam.
News travels fast on Broadway--you had to get away from a rat--
You made it possible for us to get away at a few hours' notice--you never asked why, but I guess you know.
Do what--
I came to tell you what a swell guy I think you are to do this--
No--Inexperienced--  A red-headed kid--homemade clothes--Broadway was Paradise--and a slot at the Automat was a Banquet.
Still got my picture, I see--I was pretty dumb then, wasn't I, Chad?
No--not much--excepting-- 
You never fail at anything, do you, Chad?
Why not? I give 'em a great show--and you know-- We're doing capacity, Sally--and all <U>Nice</U> people--
And you've put it over--haven't you?
Yep--spending lots of time aboard--you see, Sally, I sold this Transatlantic idea to the shipping company.
Swell--You've got Times Square right here--all but the noises--
Like it?
Looks like your old workshop back on 42nd Street.
Just what the doctor ordered.
Everything O.K.?
Are you paying any attention to his jokes?--the first thing you know, you'll be taking piano lessons from Venus de Milo--  Get out of here. 
You're the President. Come in! Your brother was just telling me a few jokes I can use on the radio--
Am I a member of this club?
Will be--as soon as the ship sails.
Are you happy?
Well, that's something--even if only the fish can see it.
You don't shoot squirrels.
Meaning what?
I just tried to show her the difference between the squirrels and the skunks.
Oh--I understand you were an important part of her education when she came to New York.
Why don't you be a good little boy and leave her alone?
What do you mean?
I'll give you another chance to tell the truth, Lother.
Good-night, folks.
Oh, Mr. Denby, I wrote a poem about a bracelet--
Oh,--I was having so much fun I almost forgot--
Oh, Chad--what about the rest of the show?
Oh, all right--  See you later, Toots.
H'mm ... no wonder I have trouble rounding up this show--Don't you know there's a rehearsal going on?-- And you wanted a raise.--Come on--get going or you'll get it!
No--He's probably one of the "Here's How."  Take it easy--the ocean's pretty rough today--
Is that one of the Who's Who?
Don't blame it on the ocean!--All right, you'll get the raise!
Never mind the Who's Who--Before I get on this boat I want to know What's What! How about my raise? All I get out of these ocean trips is dizzy.
All right--don't spoil the trip with any of those jokes-- there's a nice bunch of people on this trip--nothing but class--I looked over the passenger list and they're all members of the Who's Who!
Get that out of your trunk.
So what?
--And he has sex appeal.
So have I--I can get it right out of my trunk.
Well, he has a straw hat--
What's he got that I haven't got?
Maurice Chevalier! There's a fellow with personality.
Oh yeah?--My personality put this thing over--
With your dry wit and humor--
Mary--fall off the boat and turn to the left--
When it falls off the table and turns turtle--Cute?
All right. When <U>is</U> a plate of bean soup not a plate of noodle soup?
I feel better now--I've got a riddle! When is a plate of bean soup not a plate of bean soup?
Everyone but me--what do you want now, Mary?
Oh, Mr. Den-n-by!
Put the whole thing in an envelope and mail it through a porthole--
Mr. Denby--What do you think I ought to do with that part?
H'mm--<U>Dear</U> Atlantic--
I'm getting seasick--
What's the matter, Mary?
But I'm not finished yet----And your waves are so colossal--rocking boats both to and fro--Oh-h, Atlantic, how I love you ----how I love you--
Very good, Mary--
Oh, you dear Atlantic Ocean--how you spread across the sea--From New York to dear old Europe--just for boats to ride on thee--
Well, let's hear the poem--
Somebody's got to do it--
But, Mary--everybody's having such a great time-- why spoil it?
I just wrote a poem about the Atlantic Ocean--
Yep--everybody's having a good time but me--What do you want, Mary?
Easy kid--easy....  Come on--I want to talk to you.
Don't ask any questions--just give it to me.
What for?
You've got a gun, haven't you, Chad? Will you let me have it?
What happened to you?
No--but I'm going to keep my eye on--
Oh!--So that's it. Does she know he's on board?
Chad--Lother's on the boat, and I'm worried sick about Sally--
Then, after the first number, I tell the one about the Scotchman trying to open a Pullman window--the Scotchman says to the window--"Gee you're tight."-- and the window says--"You loosen up a bit and so will I."--Good?--And then I do the one--  Oh--you don't like it, eh?
It's a long trip and we'll get that sucker later.
I went for four.
About twelve hundred.
How much did you lose?
Well, I helped my hand so I'll have to see you.
Out my way in Montana we always call a bluff. 
Better unlock the door.  Sit up, darling, and be dignified.
The country boy's about due.
The man that marks them is an artist--two hundred and fifty bucks for six decks--and they're worth it.
They're a cinch to read--Queen of Clubs--  --Ace of Diamonds. 
Can you read 'em Jack?
Looks lonesome--Bring him over here.
That's him! That's the sucker!!
There's a lot of trout in this stream just waitin' for a fly.  I've already been workin' on a young fellow from Chicago--related to one of the big packin' families--on his way to Biarritz for a good time. Likes a little game of bridge and poker.
He works the boats as a "come-on" man. We ought to make a fair combination and do a little business. Jack's a pretty good dealer himself.
Eh?... Oh.
You're wasting your time--she's a friend of mine.
Not a chance--I'm through. 
I know he is. You change those clothes and then come to my cabin. I'll expect you around twelve o'clock.
I'm not so clumsy with fingerprints--
Have you ever figured they might extradite you?
Don't be a mug all your life--I'm trying to help you-- you need me more than I need you--have you figured they might pick the kid up in France and extradite him?
I've lost my taste for knickknacks--
Go ahead--you didn't used to be so fussy--
Let's see if I can bring it back to life.
Don't, Lee--that's dead.
That's a bet--but I couldn't let you walk out like that, Sally. I'd have gone cuckoo back there--just thinking about you--
--and you swear when you get to the other side, you'll never come near either of us again?
Just smile again and be reasonable.  I'll order dinner here--just the two of us--like old times.
I'm crazy about the kid and I got him into it.  What do you want me to do?
You can't bluff me any more.
Of course not--  --but isn't it a coincidence that he's from the eighteenth precinct--where they made the squawk?
Not because of Ned.
Don't kid yourself--you know how I stand back there.
--you'd go with him!
A tipoff in the right quarter to take his fingerprints and--
You leave the kid alone.
Thanks to me.
He's all right.
That's more like the old Sally--a little bit of fire.  How about Ned?
You get wise to <U>yourself</U>! If you know what's good for you, you'll leave me alone. Everybody's entitled to one mistake--Well--you're mine. When the going got too rough, I pulled up stakes and quit. We stay quit!--Get that!--And what're you going to do about it?
Get wise to yourself, Sally--you're no sob story.
I wish I could.
Because I want you--will always want you--no other woman'll ever take your place.  I want you more now than I did that first night--  You've forgotten all that, I suppose?
Why don't you leave me alone?
It wasn't smart. Even if you'd gotten away without me --I'd have found you--no matter where you were.
I didn't want to see you again--that's my privilege.
You ran away because you were afraid. I don't want it to end like that.
All right--but what is there to face? It's finished.
This is interesting--  Why didn't you tell me you gave this kid your gun last night?
I tried to borrow a gun from Chad, but--
Because I was yellow, I guess--
Why?
I wouldn't say that--  I'm glad he's dead--yes--I'd thought of killing him-- but I didn't--
S'pose you've never thought of killing him--
No!
You didn't have a gun in your hand last night?
Yes, Yes!
He's a swell person. He told me he'd rather turn one guy straight than jug a million.
Next time I get a vacation I'll spend it at headquarters. Good-night.
I hope so. Well, I guess you two can do without me. I'll be seeing you.
I've got a hunch you're going to win that bet, Inspector.
Soon as I get that bracelet back I'm going to relax. Wish the guy that borrowed it would help me out--I got to win that fifty bucks.
For a very excellent reason from your own admission--  --I'm not saying you <U>did</U>--but I think you know more than you're telling. Years of experience have taught me to mistrust circumstantial evidence. Nevertheless, in your case there's plenty of it.
Why should <U>I</U> kill him?
I sincerely hope so--
That's the truth--every single word!
Maybe you will after you've thought it over.
Sure I would--but I don't get what you're driving at.
And if you liked the person, you'd naturally persuade him to give it back and go straight, wouldn't you?
Well, of course, I wouldn't take it.
I mean if you knew it were stolen.
Say, "Thanks very much!"
He'll be back.  What would you do if anybody gave you a bracelet?
Exciting, wasn't it? Where's Jimmy?
Congratulations.
Good night!
It's getting kind of chilly on deck. If you'll excuse me, I think I'll go to bed. Good night, Mr. McKinney!
Nothin--  --I just remembered the name of a guy that owes me fifty bucks.
What's the matter?
Well, I'll be a son of a sea cook!
It all depends on what you're used to.
I mean--a lot of gentlemen would be offended if you searched them like that.
"Smooth's" the word.
He's certainly good-natured.
Thirty one's and two ten's?
Thank you.
There you are, sir.
If he comes near you again, I'll break his neck--
I'll explain later--
What!--are you crazy?
I was in his cabin--
You saw him sitting out there in front, didn't you?
I'm all right.
Aren't the roses beautiful?
Sure, Sis.
Isn't it great to be away from it all? Aren't you happy? It seems too good to be true.
Do you think Lother could have seen it?
I thought I had our sailing covered up--  --and here it is.
Because you ran after me.
Then why did you run away?
Yer crazy!--I ain't got no bracelet.
I saw him take the bracelet out of that shoe.
I tell yuh I ain't got no bracelet--
Hey--you! Where you going?
Ain't got time.
Let me look at it.
Nothin'.
Well--get a move on yer--then get back to yer station.
Telegrams.
Everything in order, sir?  What are <U>you</U> doing here, my lad?
