GET BOND OUT OF THERE.
It's too late -
Bring up the tracking satellite. And get 007 out of there.
I appreciate your assistance, M. But this is now a military operation.
- Thank you, M. But this is more than your man can handle.  Are we in agreement?
But -
What do they say in Russia, General Bukharin? 
- I'll be sure to acknowledge 007's 'assistance' in my report to the Prime Minister. But this is, still, a naval operation.
... What were you saying, Admiral? Something about this 'not being a job for a wine-sniffing, skirt-chasing playboy spy?'
I expect to have that gold recovered in 36 hours. Until then, I'm imposing my own electronic silence: For the sake of the economy, not a word to NATO, the press, the CIA.  ...And so long as Commander Bond here seems to be such an expert on these matters, I want him to go along as an observer. Are we agreed?
36 hours. They've already sailed from the Persian gulf.
At least we know where the gold is. When are the recovery ships due?
And I have the entire British economy to worry about.
I resent your tone, sir. I have men who are missing -
Why wasn't the ship protected?!?! Why was it sailing without radar?
Admiral, are you suggesting -
Excuse me, but -  I must formally protest this meeting. Given the nature of what's occurred - and the need for secrecy - I see no reason to involve the air force, the army, or MI-6.  This is an internal affair that should be handled strictly by the officers of her Majesty's Royal Navy.
Good evening. I've just spoken with the Prime Minister at the economic summit in Tokyo; he's expecting a full update within the hour.  For those of you still unaware, some forty minutes ago -
Take the girl. Leave the handcuffs. We'll drown her at sea.
I'd rather die alone.
What about the gold?
...As the advertising says: Tomorrow never lies.
Chernobyl will look like a campfire.
- Instant melt-down.
Precisely, Mr. Bond. In a matter of minutes, the boring device will arrive at the core of the reactor...  And when the radioactive blades cut into the plutonium -
...So that's what the weapons grade uranium was for.
My guards are from South Africa, Mr. Bond. This is their chance to get even with the formerly 'Great' Britain.  Now both of you. Put your hands on your heads, and step forward.
Are your guards really going to kill a helpless girl?
Good-bye, Mister Bond.
I'm sure they will.
Sidney, perhaps we should leave this to -
...And what's that, my dear?
Don't pout, Sidney. I invited him here hoping he might shed some light on your story. He's from 'Lloyd's of London.'  ...Aren't you, Mr. Bond?
Briefly.
Your choice.  Look at the time! Come. There's someone I want you meet - about a story I'm thinking of publishing.
...Words to live by?
You see, Mr. Bond, you and I are both men of action. But your era is passing. Words are the new weapons; satellites the new artillery. And make no mistake about it: In the right hands, they can be as deadly as your Walther PPK.
Fantastic idea Mr. Bond! Perhaps I should buy it for a book! It's totally preposterous, but -  You amuse me. ...And now perhaps I can amuse you.
Or disinformation... If you wanted to, say, beam down a signal to send a ship off course? Maybe one degree a minute?
They're merely tools to disseminate information.
...Although it must be fun to have all those satellites.
And still not a thing to watch.
Welcome to the new world order, Mr. Bond.  Churchill had his armies; Caesar had his legions; I have my divisions:  News, sports, business, entertainment. And these are my foot soldiers:  2000 people working on 14 floors to feed 300 newspapers, 4 cable news networks, 87 magazines, and 29 different cable TV channels - in 35 languages.
Because it's a dying city. Since the Chinese take-over, who knows what can happen tomorrow?  In any case, this is my father, Charles: A royal bastard who started the first radio and television stations. Said I'd never amount to anything, but...  I turned it into this
So why did you leave?
My third great Uncle - the Earl of Aberdeen - negotiated the purchase of Hong Kong from the Chinese.  His son-in-law - George Harmsway - made the first family fortune, running opium into Shanghai...  His son, Thomas, who lost it, smoking the opium... And my grandfather Henry, who opened the first telegraph station, and published the colony's first English newspaper.  It was a city of unlimited possibility.
Yes. I can see: You've hung the rest of your relatives.
I call this the Rogue's gallery.
Sightseeing.
By the way - what is it that brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mister Bond?
I can feel your pain.
Still, I do miss her. I only wish she could have lived to see all this.
The only difference between a psychopath and a genius, Mr. Bond, is the degree of success.
I wonder if it runs in the family.
I tried to save her. But she remained a manic depressive: Fits, inappropriate behavior... Delusions of grandeur.
I see.
Before I became involved with Paris, she was always involved with the most inappropriate' men...  Playboys. Thrill seekers. Middle aged Peter Pans who only brought out the worst in her.
Come. Let's get out of the noise.  - I'll give you a tour of the building, then we'll talk.
Sir Elliot.
Mr. Bond! Nice to see you.
I'm on my way.
Oh, please, Mr. Bond. We live in the information age! Information is currency - and with the right currency, you can have any piece of information.  Besides I own the phone company. What do you say? Twenty minutes?
How did you get this number?
We'll see about that.
A piece of advice, Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton.  It's deadlier than uranium.
Which part? The Colonel's? Or yours?
I hope you've enjoyed this little charade.
I can tell you're a man with an eye for exquisite possessions, Mr. Bond.  Darling! Come here.  I want you to meet my wife.
It's a beautiful boat, Sir Elliot. Practically glows in the dark.
You might say I've always been one of Mr. Valentin's biggest followers.
Always nice to meet one of her Majesty's fellow subjects...  Especially one with such distinguished friends.
Him? He, is a she -  at the bar.
Where can I find him?
Maybe you should talk to Sidney Winch. Owns a marine salvage company. Nobody knows more about the Strait.
I appreciate your time -
Next morning. Both boats. Nothing wrong.  My 90 year old grandfather thinks 'Ghost in the computer - Silicon Dragon.'
Did you test the auto-pilots? The satellite positioning receiver?
The Kuala Lumpur ferry was 35 miles off-course that night. Captain blamed the auto-pilot; I suspected he was drunk - until the Sumatra ferry captain had same problem.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes kill the crew; other times -  Torture them.
I know. Pirates from Sumatra want the cargo; smugglers from Thailand and Burma want the ships.
In the Strait of Malacca, when a boat is even five minutes late, one begins to worry, Mr. Bond.
No, 007. It's just that I've learned from personal experience - that when we get what we want -  Somehow the reality is never as... Satisfying as the fantasy.
What - no lust for adventure?
Not all of us, 007.
- We all want what we can't have?
Actually, I've never known you to do either... But -
Moneypenny! How indiscreet! Have you ever known me to kiss and tell?
By the way, James: Ordinarily I would never ask, but... Weren't you and that Colonel once stranded on a raft for two weeks in the Sargasso Sea?
In the darkest moments, it's what I live for. Especially since I've heard how much you like to watch... On the hidden camera.
Hello, James. Enjoy your meeting?
Moneypenny! We've got to stop meeting like this. They may be on to us.
Ah, James. You always were a cunning linguist... Au revoir, mon cher.
Tsi tien, Chien-penny.
Four o'clock. Don't be late.
4:30. It may take me a little longer to wrap things up here.
Four o'clock. M will meet you in the conference room.
Moneypenny... Here I was, finally getting a feel for a new tongue -
I'm sure she is, James. But I'm afraid you'll have to 'kiss off' the rest of your lessons this afternoon.
Don't even think about it. 007. They're my granddaughters.
I must say, Q, you seem to be doing rather well in your retirement.
Standard equipment. The world's automobile manufacturers seem to be in some kind of mad war to see who can provide the most beverage cup holders.
... 17 Beverage cup holders?
Yes. And do try to keep all four of them on the road.  All the usual refinements: Smoke, missiles, machine guns -  Fully operational remote control. Drives forward, reverse -  Stop that!  Plus infrared thermal imaging radar, heads up instrumentation, and 17 beverage cup holders.
- Four wheel drive?
Your new car. 
I don't care who you dial, so long as it's not me. Next -
Do I have to dial '9' to get out?
Not a clue. I didn't lose the ship.  Next, your new personal communicator.  Picture-phone, fax, beeper.
Do you have any idea of what any of that means? In English?
That hardly makes up for the imposition.  Now, for what I hope will be the very last time - pay attention, 007.  First, computer generated retrograde analysis map. Body here, meteorolog- ical influences here, likely vector- ing of the ship's coordinates here.
I'm sorry. It was a national emergency -
Retired. I'm not getting paid to help you save the world anymore.
Q! How are you?
I know what I saw -
That's absurd! It took two squads of forty men fifteen days to load that gold.
Yes, the ship is down there. But the gold is gone.
What are you talking about? We went through all this and the ship isn't even down there?
...That's all well and good, Captain, save for one thing:  There's no gold down there.
Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you, sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer - and yet you had to go off, on your own, like some half-assed CIA cowboy -  Endangering the gold, attracting that lunatic woman, and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide.
Don't you think you're overreacting?
Get them out of here. If he says one word, shoot him.
Wait a minute -
Guard! Arrest these men! Escort them to the cutter!
Yes -
One thing at a time. I'll see you in twenty minutes. Go.
Just - say it. Say it just once.
He didn't want anyone to know. He kept it out of the papers. He said a third wife was bad for his image.  You've got to protect me!
Why didn't you tell me? Why wasn't it in our files?
Leave me alone! He's going to kill me!!
Paris -
Just hold me.
Shhhhh...
I'm so sorry, James. I promise, I'll never leave you again.
It's on the boat. He's holding a press conference tomorrow.
What about the uranium?
Do you?
Do you feel better now?
No! He's crazy - he's insane. He hates everybody. He's got these plans -  You've got to help me, James. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything. I know I was wrong - but you've got to protect me. I know you still love -
What about Elliot Harmsway? Or is this just another one of your stunts?
Nothing.
Don't you even miss me? Didn't I mean anything to you?
I've got half the British government breathing down my neck. I don't have time for your nonsense.
Stop it! You're hurting me! Can't you just be nice?
Is this another one of your games?
Oh, James. I've missed you -
I thought your specialty was good-bye.
Is that any way to say hello?
Paris?!? What are you doing here?
To the best of my recollection, Mr. Bond, I suggested no such thing.  In fact, I was never here.
Political considerations?
There is one last thing, 007: Elliot Harmsway is vital to the economic interests of this nation. He's also a major contributor to the party. I expect him to be given every consideration.
Need I remind the two of you that Elliot Harmsway - Sir Elliot Harmsway - is directly descended from the Earl of Aberdeen? That his Scottish ancestors practically invented Hong Kong - and out of sheer gratitude, Queen Victoria herself named the port "Aberdeen Harbor" in their honor?
Perhaps. But it does explain how an ex-KGB agent turned illegal-arms dealer is suddenly portrayed as a long-time friend of the people.  If you believe what you read in the papers.
More scurrilous, unsubstantiated gossip.
Occasionally, yes.  British media mogul. Born in Hong Kong; controls newspapers, TV, radio, cable, satellites; books, magazines, movies, computer software. Theme parks.
His newspapers?
I believe Q's exact words were:  "Hopefully, nothing."
A wedding band??? What am I supposed to be able to do with this?
Oh. I almost forgot. There is one last thing: Before Q retired, he asked that I give you one other protective device.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime?
Finally, your new watch: Blue laser here for signaling or burning through locks; press this button, the sweep hand becomes a Geiger counter.
I see...
It was an authorized test. I returned the money.
Does it work on cash machines?
Moving along -  A typical plastic security card. Name here, magnetic information stripe here -  And a code breaking microprocessor here. Swipe it through any card reader - anywhere - you're in.
Perfect way to tie up a... 'Knotty' problem?
Plastique explosive shoelaces.  Cut them to regulate the size of the blast; totally harmless until you attach the detonator hidden in the heel of your shoe.
... Shoelaces?
Not from forty feet.
Saunders, I've lit cigarettes -
Big game fishing.  Sonar torpedoes. Retirement gift from his friends at the CIA.
Fishing?
Gone fishing.
How is old Q?
Now pay attention, 007. We haven't much time to demonstrate your new Q toys.
Well... If you insist.
It must do something.
Come on. I know better than that -
Q's retirement party. I'd just put the knife into the cake, and -
Okay, Saunders. What is it this time? Rocket in the leg? Machine pistol in the arm?
I'm not certain... But I think there's someone I want to press for some answers in Kuala Lumpur.
Where to now, Jimbo?
Jack Wade. Citibank. Commercial loan division. If you're ever lookin' for a sweet refinance on the boat -
Sidney Winch, meet -
That's reassuring.
I got you covered.
Wait a minute -  I've got it. There! Off the port bow!
They'd never sail this close to the shore.
Who knows? Fog, night...
I dunno, Jimbo. It can't be out here. How could they get this far off course?
He tied one on.
Yo! Jimbo! I won five hundred -  What happened?
Hell. The CIA built that club.
Can you arrange a meeting?
Spends his nights at the Kuala Lumpur yacht club.
I have to get these to London. Do you know this Captain Cheong?
We work in the dark. We do what we can.
I envy your 'undercover' assignments.
She married a hockey player.
Yeah. Russian Minister of Transportation.
Natalya?
Not if you kill us first - unless that's how you plan to leave Muffy.
I think I've just seen my next future ex-wife.
Seized it from a guy smuggling computer chips out of Bangkok.  Should have seen his rose garden: Blooms the size of hand grenades.
Tide and current charts. Work backward from the body - find where the ship sank.  Where did you get the boat?
What do you want with the Harbor Master?
Step into my office.
Something with an engine? Not oars?
I don't know if you'd call it a boat...
Let's take a look at the body.
Hey - the world is my office.
That's reassuring.
I am not here, ol' buddy. The CIA has absolutely no knowledge of the missing ship, the missing gold, where it was going, or when it left Hong Kong.
Wade, what the hell are you doing here?
You too.
Thanks.  Take care -
Here. I gave you my assistant's phone number. If it's urgent, she knows where to reach me.
I didn't think so.
No.
Three. You? Married?
... Kids?
Happily.
Married?
Depends what number you write.
... Does this do anything?
Of course.
Do you have a pen? I just got promoted and don't have my new cards yet.
They point, I shoot.
Interesting video tape.
Interesting presentation.
Now.
And when might that be?
If you think we're going to have some kind of 'life affirming' romance here just because we cheated death, let me be clear:  We're going to have it where I want, and when I want.
And number two?
First, that boat is in international waters. I'm claiming it for salvage. One-third of that gold is mine.
... Yes?
Before we go any further here, Mr. Bond, from Lloyds of London, I just want to get two things straight.
... Yes???
I didn't say when I want to die -
What do you mean, you'd rather die alone?
Next time, I do the driving.
Sleep well?
We blast through.
If not?
If it's radio controlled, it'll break the code.
You insist on calling all the shots.  And by the way: I am not a helpless girl.
Another reason??? Did I miss something???
...You know, that's another reason you're probably not in a successful relationship.
Here. You shoot. I'll drive.
It's a lousy job, but -  The only reason I stay is for the health benefits.
Is this - like - a normal day for you?
Don't say it.
Sometimes you just have to -
... We have time for that?
Put your arms around my neck. Lock your legs around my waist.
Are you listening to me?
Put your back to the railing. Sit up on it.
Trust me.
What now? And don't give me some movie cliché like 'trust me.'
Up.
Down?
Cleans dirt. Let's go.
What the hell does that do?
What do you mean?
Not a lot of difference.
My father left me the business.
... How did you get into marine salvage?
No. I'm going with you.
Wait here.
The only mistake is that they didn't kill us in the elevator.
This has got to be a mistake.
Maybe. But why are we going up instead of down?
You are seriously deranged.
He's killed closer.
He was my father's best friend!
Blood or Dutch?
Elliot Harmsway is my Uncle!
Harmsway sank that ship and stole the gold. It's on the Sea Dolphin II.  And thanks to your little show and tell -  - giving him the evidence -  We're the only ones who can tie him to the crime.
Listen to me! I'm a British secret service agent. And we have about two minutes before Harmsway kills both of us.
That's funny: you struck me as the kind of man who always carries protection.
You heard me. A gun?  I left mine in the car.
What?
... Do you have a gun?
No. I want Sir Elliot to keep them.
Why don't we just take these -
Thank you.  "Now hear this: Drop dead."
Just remember: They think there's ten billion dollars in gold down there.
- You're not.
If I were you -
- The family jewels?
And what do you call this?
Think about mom.
I hope you'll be gentle.
I hope so.
Do I have to do everything around here?
So charming! So suave!  Don't insult me. I'm not one of your 'little London girls' who falls for the lies.
No. First, because I don't think it's in your nature. And second, because there's no gold down there.
No?
You have to excuse Miss Winch: She thinks she's on a 'seduce and destroy' mission through life...  ...But she won't kill us.
- Shut up!
Let's not make it a habit.
Nice to run into you again.
I see my date is here.  And I think Mr. Bond is ready to leave.
I'll keep that in mind.
The Strait can be a very dangerous place, Mr. Bond. A few words scribbled on a piece of paper in London doesn't carry a lot of value out here. Including life insurance.
Insurance. Lloyds of London.
And exactly what business are you in, Mr. Bond?
Actually, I'm here on business. You might say it was a... Golden opportunity.
So what brings you to Kuala Lumpur, Mr. Bond?  Wait - don't tell me: Unhappy marriage? Running from some poor little girl with two kids and a Chanel pocketbook in - London?
Pity.  Bring him whatever he wants.
Chaperone. I'm waiting for my dinner date.
Boyfriend?
No. But you can buy a drink for my friend, Taro.
Vodka martini, shaken not stirred.  And another for you?
Sidney Winch.
This afternoon. Our boats practically kissed in the harbor.  James Bond.
Have we met?
- And I bet you always leave turmoil in your wake.
Sometimes, you just have to plunge into things. Be reckless.
I wonder if you handle your liquor more carefully than you handle your boat.
Bourbon. Neat.
A three-thousand ton frigate doesn't just vanish into thin air.
Sabotage?
The infrared satellite images. No heat, no flame, no explosion. If that boat went down where they said it did, there should have been some residual heat reading on the surface.
It doesn't quite add up.
What do you make of all this?
I have an excellent teacher.  'Make sure you wear the uniform'?
...You're turning into quite the politician, 007.
Actually, you're just in time.  Admiral Roebuck: You know Commander Bond, don't you?
Sorry I'm late -
Good luck on your mission, 007.
...I'll give you a ring from Venice.
Hopefully, it won't get that far.
But if Elliot Harmsway is involved with that uranium, I want him prosecuted to the ends of the earth.
We serve the interests of the British people, 007. No matter who we may be foolish enough to elect.
.... I hate to ask, but... Did you ever think you'd miss Communism?
I understand.
You're to wear this mask at the Venice Carnival, and wait to be contacted.
Yes. 1988. He was furious at the British plan to return Hong Kong, and supposedly started his own negotiations with the Chinese Government. The inquiry went nowhere - but it did earn MI-6 a rather powerful enemy -
... Didn't we once investigate Harmsway?
Which is also why I've withheld this information from NATO and our allies.
Of course.
The reason I invited the Minister here, 007, was to reassure him that this investigation will be handled with the utmost discretion.
It seems, 007, we've received a tip
... What's Harmsway done?
'Able to topple governments with a single story' - as he says in his press.
- Along with Tomorrow - the first world-wide newspaper. Circulation 27 million. Daily. -
Only what I read in the newspapers.
Tell me, 007, what do you know about Elliot Harmsway?
Of course.  Minister Johnstone.
Come in, 007. You know the Minister?
Yes, M.
Thank you Colonel Everhart.  007, I'd like to see you in my office. Why don't you and the Colonel exchange numbers if you need more information?
Tsi tien, Professor Wu.
Tsi tien, Mr. Bond.
Mandarin. You jerk.  I'm late. I have to get dressed.
Is that Mandarin, or Cantonese?
Sakwa!
Remind me.
We've already done the interesting part. Do you forget?
I was just getting to the interesting part!
Stop it!
And what do you call these? The Gang of Two?
Indeed they are.  Deadly little things.
Ja-shwa tsway. These are lips.
... And what do you call these?
Good-day, Miss Winch. I advise you to get some steam up - before you run aground.
You won't get away with this!
You leave me no alternative.
No.
Hmmm. I suppose this is a step above that profession.  Ten seconds. Are you leaving?
I was an attorney!
Fifteen seconds. Perhaps you should consider hiring an attorney.
I know my rights. These are international waters. The British Navy abandoned that boat, and I'm claiming it. Under international law, I have the right to salvage what's on that wreck.
Good for you, Miss Winch. You now have exactly 30 seconds to get this rust bucket out of here.
My name is Sidney Winch, and -
Captain Morton.
What's your name?
Who's Wade?
Forget it. No way. I got here first.
You have precisely one minute to pull up your anchor and be under way.
I am. What do you want?
Who's in charge here?
Excellent.
And the 9:30 news meeting is waiting.
Yes -
The Queen invited you to dinner -
No -
Your bankers want an answer about the Brazilian TV stations
Send him a $10,000 campaign contribution, and explain I have no control over what my journalists write -
The American presidential candidate called to complain about that sex story -
Pencil it in for the next trip -
The Canadian Prime Minister wants to set a lunch -
Chew up a log like that in the propeller, you end up with enough paperwork to go from here to London. Twice.
Aye-aye sir. Engines to half.
A dead head.  Water logged timber. Floats straight up. You sometimes see them on the east side of the channel - from the logging camps on Sumatra - but they don't usually float this far west.  Muncy! Engines to half!
Seems to be back to normal, sir.
How is it now?
Check it again. What about the global positioning satellite? Could there be something wrong with the signal?
The back-up does the same thing.
About every ninety seconds, the auto- pilot jogs us to the west.
What's wrong?
Damn. It's doing it again.
My timing always was lousy.
How sweet.
No matter what the British government says, I won't kill this story.  Miss Oxford will show both of you to the elevator... And one of my people will definitely be in touch sooner than later.
Thank you, Uncle Elliot.
...Well! I do believe this requires further investigation!
...I see.
He brought that up from the wreck.
- But as I've explained to Sidney, without proof, there's just no story. Don't you agree Mr. Bond?
- I told you! He was there! -
Obviously, the British government denies all of this -
I see you two have met.
What is HE doing here?
You come with me -  You stay here.
Take the men. I can finish alone.
A hundred and fifty years ago, my ancestors took this island - a barren, lifeless rock - and turned it into the greatest city known to modern civilization.  And now that I'm being forced to give it back, I intend to return it in exactly the same condition: A barren, lifeless rock.  The gold is merely reparations - payment from the spineless British government who wouldn't listen.
You have to leave -
Hong Kong, Mr. Bond!
Entering the main tunnel - ten minutes to target -
Bore through.  ...They used to say living well was the best revenge, Mr. Bond.  They're wrong.  Revenge is the best revenge.
Start the grinders.
Approaching the first gate.
Please, Sidney. I'd like to remember you fondly.
Excellent.
The drill is in the water; approaching the intake tunnel.
Don't worry. Mr. Bond will get the message. So will his boss.
That was too close.
Kill him! Finish it!
It's Bond!
What the hell is going on?
No. I have a better idea. In fact, Mr. Bond may have actually improved my original plan.  Bring them both to Hong Kong. And Make sure he has nothing else up his sleeve.
Yes. Shall we kill them?
- Built to withstand a nuclear blast.  Are they alive?
I should have hired this man.  Get somebody up there!
They're on the bridge. Seal off the 50th floor!
Get more men up there!
It's a trick! After him.  They're in the south stairwell!
Good. We have an appointment in Hong Kong.
Fueled and waiting.
Is the helicopter ready?
Thank you sir! Thank you!
Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.
...But because I am a just man, I've decided to give Mr. Hussein what he deserves.
Please sir. Please -
You disappoint me, Number Three.
No sir! I swear! This is not true!!
... And there's no truth that 10% of that money will go into your Swiss bank account?
Yes, sir. But he still feels his people should share in the increased profits of our news division. He has proposed an additional 500 million dollar payment.
...Haven't we already paid him for his services?
I regret to inform you, sir, that Saddam Hussein is still demanding a bonus for his role in the Gulf War.
Yes.
Will the cruise set it off?
Soviet SB-9 nuclear torpedo. Yield, one kiloton.
Abort the cruise.
Maybe. Maybe not.
Will it go off?
What's in the box, General?  What's in the box???
I don't know. He's not in the database -
Who is that?!? What's in the box??
Meaning there may be nuclear material down there?
Kim Dae Yung. North Korean Nuclear specialist.
Who is it?
Oh, no.
One to seven: Deal the face cards.
What about ID's?
