Here I am thinking about myself when poor Harry is resting on the floor of the kitchen.
Soon as I rest a bit.  I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime.
When are you boys going to fix that roof?
They're too big.
How come you're not wearing my shoes?
Yes.
Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing?
Oh here we go with that.
Junior spends time with his child.
Well, you are his grandfather. He is supposed to spend some time with you. You're supposed to show him those woodsy things and this and that.
No, it's that when do you have time to be parents to him? You guys don't pick him up until nine, ten at night. You are into yourselves, as the saying goes. Spend some time trying to be parents. Take him to the mountains, fishing. You ought to let him get to know nature.
Why, you don't want us to bring him over?
We got the same thing.
What did your wife get her?
I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home.
Your mother asked me not to mention it but your mother's birthday was last week.
Since when?
I pay my own way.
That's a lie.
I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late.
What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one.
What is it, noontime?
I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight.
We will take her. You all stay here and watch Dad.
I'll drive her to the hospital.
My name is Sam. Samuel.
You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother.
I'm leaving and don't even call me when the shoe falls 'cause all he did for me was to try and run my life. I'm tired of people saying Babe Brother this, Babe Brother that. What's my name?
I ought to break your damn neck.
I told you about calling me boy. I ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got a bad habit of calling me boy. You call me boy in front of my wife. You think I'm going to fix the roof? I hope the wind blows the whole damn thing off and it pours down rain.
That is a damn lie and you know it. Every time father asks you to do something, you either half-ass do it or run off and hide. Mama asked you to turn the dirt in her garden and you told her, with your smart ass self, that you weren't a farmer; get Junior to do it. Every time someone asks you to do something, you always say, tell Junior to do it. Boy, you ought to grow up.
You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof.
I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house.
I told her I would if she would give me time.
Why in the hell didn't you help mama?
Maybe I can get down there next week.
Robert asks about you. When are you going to do something to help him?
This is what it is all about, trying to keep from being out on the street.
This is not a good time to take chances. Your best friend, Robert, an accountant, lost his home and is out on the street. We see him from time to time. He comes down to church for a free meal.
Why are you always afraid to get somewhere?
You want me to mortgage my house to invest in a scheme of yours? You know the last time we went into something together Daddy had to go in his savings to keep us from ending on the street.
You always got something to say.
You used that excuse to get out of the army.
You all don't believe me when I tell you I'm afraid of heights.
When are you going to find time to help me fix the roof?
I guess it proves you really care about me. You hung in there.
And what lesson have we learned from all of this, Babe Br... Sam... I mean Samuel?
It was nip and tuck.
Do you think you won?
I couldn't believe the things I was doing. It was like an internal struggle going on inside my body.
You were in hell?
It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
Like muddy waters?
It's like I've been swimming in muddy waters.
Like a veil has been lifted?
I have more sense than to give up everything, my family, you and Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the real me inside my body. I'm glad it's over. It's like a veil has been lifted.
I'm okay. Go back to your friends.
You okay?
Why in the h...
Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right?
I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me, just tell me how I can make money.
He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love.
Why does he always pick on me?
I preached to Mom and Dad about it but they are stuck in their ways, it's like talking to a brick. But if there is a way...
We could borrow on that land and put the money to work.
Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it.
I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property.
Will you still get the money from your father?
You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean.
I would like to finish reading this. What would I talk about? I haven't read this month's almanac. I don't care to hear about how the corn was this fall or how to get rid of gophers by putting garlic in their holes. They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea.
Why don't you come in for a while?
How old are you?
I don't see you crying about my drinking it.
Coffee is bad for anybody, especially for a child.
What is a sip of coffee going to do?
I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it.
My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did.
Because you were spoiled, don't try to spoil Sunny.
I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough.  You sit right there with your no manners self.
Can't I be myself without you jumping in with your right and wrong? The world is not black and white. Show me one perfect person. If you can't, don't ask me to be.
Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction.
I'm busy.
Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling.
Harry is coming to pick me up.
I've heard some foolish things in my life.
I'm going back home with Harry.
What for?
I need to get my suitcase out of the garage.
Well, you look better than you did yesterday.
Doesn't he look a whole of lot better?
He will be alright.
This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air.
I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night.
Babe Brother.
Who is it?
We are going where the action is. Ain't that right, Okra?  Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up.  What would you give to be rich?
This would be a bad time for me to leave.
I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house. Come with us, boy. We are going to have a good time.
I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong.
You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.
I could swear I heard my son call me.
Anytime you need someone to do something for you, just let me know.
Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom. My hand is too weak. And would you do me another favor? I don't like asking this but would you clean the tub for me? I have trouble bending over.
Son, I can take everything you got with that deck. It is marked. Now I'm going to show you how to make some money in case you get stuck somewhere.
It is just a regular card.
Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything?
Boy, that is the real South. That is real corn liquor.
What is that?
I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets.  I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me.
Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die?
That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out.
Did you ever have to use this thing?
I'm not here to argue, sir.
Now how far would further out be?
Well, you just have to move further out.
We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security, my pension and my wife's work, keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have.
Not anymore, not in the city.
I always had chickens, ducks and whatnots.
You know it is against the city ordinance to keep chickens or live stock.
It's only a tale.
I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at.
But these are white people, anybody. The punch...
I don't want to hear any tales about colored people...
I'm almost finished. I'm about to come to the punch line.
I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent.
He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth...
It's healing now.
What did you put on it?
I cut it on an old rusty knife.
What happened to your hand?
Since this morning.
Gal, you're talking to John Henry. When was I sick?
You better come sit down. You are still sick.
What, are you having another party?
How is that hen doing? I was meaning to pip her before I fell sick.
I need to get out there and get those weeds out.
How is the garden doing?
You must have been really sick.
It's good to be able to hear that.
I will appreciate that.
You stay inside. I will see to them.
I have to feed the chickens before they wake everybody up.
Just stay in bed and rest.
I'm worn out.
No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further.
Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son.
Gideon, don't say things like that.
I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it.  Son, you make me wish I was dead.
You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing.
No, I'm too hot now.
Do you want your coat? It's cold out here.
It would be nice.
Well, it's up to Suzie.
Babe Brother is a poor boy.
You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them.
You're going to find yourself on the floor.
I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him.
Hush.
You're always taking his side.
Hush.
He ain't nothing like me. How come a man has to have sons that are day and night apart? You ought to stop protecting him.
You and Babe Brother are so much alike...
I'm not going to let him get away with murder.
You all act like two roosters.
I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes.
Go back to sleep.
Your feet are cold.
Look! Don't try to get ahead by riding our backs.
Let us settle this tomorrow.
I don't know how two brothers can be so different.
Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are.
Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday.
Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom.
My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now?
I tell you, I feel like a ghost.
Boy, I thought you were about to cross the river.
It hasn't been the years; it's been the men in her life.
Haven't the years been good to Hattie?
'Course, you could be right. Your sons are alive. All my sons are dead.
My daddy called me boy up to the time he died. I was always boy to him.
You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son.
You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story.
Everyone has to follow his own plough. A man doesn't have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays. City people don't give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays. You don't plant old ways...  ... but, at the end, you find yourself doing what your father did but you have to have the land in you.  It's when you want to give the house or farm to the kids and they don't want it. You sell it to a stranger. You worked your whole life, for what?  I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm. All what we've experienced has no meaning.
I tried to teach him right from wrong just like I did his Junior.
Course, it is your business, but I feel obliged to tell you that maybe you have not been fair with the boy.
You and Babe Brother hit it off so well.
Everything these days is made overseas.
What could have caused this? I just changed this damn thing.
It was slow. Now it seems like everyone is having births at home.
How often is your wife called to help delivery?
Well, I would appreciate that.
Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time.
I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away.
Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.
You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong.
Good morning.
I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me.
It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window
That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome.
Man, act like this is your home.
Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no spring mattress. I always make myself a pallet on the floor.
Man, put your boxes down and stay as long as you like. We have empty rooms since the boys got their own families and moved out.
I'm worn out but won't you feel like you are taking in a stranger?
Stay until you feel better? I would like to hear all the news.
My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground.
Why didn't you catch a plane?
I came all the way from Detroit by bus going to Oakland. The bus stopped in Los Angeles. I had to get off and take a rest. I'll catch the last bus leaving at midnight. I'm just too tired to go on.
He knows better. Sunny, apologize to Harry.
Boy, that is bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom.
He kind of favors one of my boys when he was about his age.
This is my grandson, Sunny. He is my youngest son's child.
Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend?
You invited me.
I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house.
I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man, what do you think the other half is?
Hattie is a different person now.
Since she has repented, all she does is throw stones.
You must have done something to her.
As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman.
Good afternoon to you.
Good afternoon, ladies.
I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra and I thought you need a rest. I'll stand guard. Okra wants to talk to you anyway.
As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest.
How is he doing?
Only if you can spare it.
Let me get you a cup?
That smells like fresh coffee.
You just run along. I'll fix him his soup. He will be all right.
Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over.
Let me earn my keep. I'll go out and get a hen and have it picked and ready for the pot. Try to make him some cow tea next time.
He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth.
I hope that it's nothing serious.
He wasn't able to get out of bed today.
Ah, you young folks don't know how it is. How is Gideon today?
Tolerable well.
How is everybody?
She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil.
What's the problem here?
You got to know everything, do everything, and be everything.
Harry, you know everything.
I'll be right there.
I have someone I want you to meet.
All those places that us coloreds lived, that we used to call Bottoms, have all been changed to Drives and Heights. Everything is in what you call it, not in what it is.
I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him.
You remember that boy who lost his mind, Joe? You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say "go on in there brick and hit somebody" and it would find its mark.
Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person.
Where we come from, you had to know how to act right. You had to know how to say yes sir and no sir. You had to know your place.
One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are.
No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight. May I use your bathroom to wash up a bit?
You should go back and rest.
Good evening. It must be all the different time zones I crossed that makes me feel this weary.
Well, I don't want to put you out.
Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world.
Emory had made a lot of enemies. He had a big mouth.
You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin.
Those boys never did have good luck.
Chick was outright killed by a mob. He killed a white man that owed him some money and when they caught up with him, they tied him behind a car and dragged him from out of the hills back to town.
I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick.
Strange as it may seem, it might have cleared the waters. Sometimes the right action comes from the wrong reason.
Hocker's death almost caused a race riot. A lot of innocent people could have been hurt behind that.
What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush?
You know as well as I do that it was made to look like he was lynched. Now who would hang someone from a persimmon tree?
Wasn't Hocker lynched?
Miss Clara's boy, Emory, to start with. The Johnson's Hocker was another one...
Now who are we talking about?
There is something that I always wanted to know. Tell me, how did those boys die?
Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at you. Hey, you have to think of yourself. A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep. There are too many bad people out there.
I don't know if we could take one in with Rhonda and me at home alone at times.
Of course not. Have you ever heard of a man jumping in the river to save five hundred drowning people? No you ain't.  You have to take just one and fatten him up. When you spread help too thin, you , you just nickel and dime the situation. If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on. You just have to remember, medicine that works leaves a bitter taste.
Week by week the crowds at the door keeps getting larger. We can't feed all the hungry.
Good God Almighty, bless your bones.  But the problem grows.
Last Saturday we handed out over two hundred meals.
How many people do you all feed?
Well, you and your husband are special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do volunteer work to help feed the poor.
That's nice.
A woman in family way just reminds of spring and my younger days.
I already have, my dear.
In the meantime Harry can slaughter us a hog.
Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say?
Is this your house?
Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry.
An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens.
"Out of weariness, I spoke to my own heart; to leave it all and to die. And I gave my heart to know madness and folly."
I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits, wear it.
Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some.
You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand."
That is a boy from home, Lulla's brother.
None of your business.
My mother passed on years ago.
I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers.
Some people grow up and change their ways.
Why run out and close the barn door when the horse is gone? I remember when you weren't saved. That was way back yonder when the Natchez Trace was just a dirt road.
Harry, that's not nice. I'm in church now.
No, I'm a different person now, Harry.
Girl, do you still sing and dance?
I couldn't believe it when Suzie called and said you were staying here. How have you been?
You never know what's in the heart and just because you can cry doesn't make you human.
All the people working with us are really doing it 'cause they hate to see suffering.
Ya, but you can't do the shuffle with one leg. You and your wife, in your spare time, work with the less fortunate. Now I'm not talking about you and what you do but some folks that always run to help the victim, deep down are attracted to pain and suffering and love to be near the dying.
He should be caring. That is not too much to ask.
Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person.
I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me.
Country people got so many strange ways,
Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now.
Some folks take that natural stuff too far.
No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door.
Did you have your child at home?
In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X.
I thought you weren't old fashioned.
You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child.  In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since.
What's a toby?
I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago.
I think he wants to see your rabbit foot.
Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives.
Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil.  And evil is a thing you work at.
You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.
If it was left up to me, I would poison him.
What must I do?
Everybody who have been associated with Harry end up with pennies over their eyes.
I can't accuse him just dry long 80.
He's just raffish. Harry put him up to it. Before evening sun sets, I would have his belongings back on Route 55, that old fox.
I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra.
Rush your mouth, girl. No, he didn't. He cannot be that big of a damn fool.
You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening.
Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black. Back home he always did try to act like the colored gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is nothing but evil. I'm warning you -- you can't keep a wild animal as a pet around children.
I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house.
You know Harry lied about how that boy Hocker got kilt. And it was Harry who saw Emory last before they found him hanging over a levee like someone would hang a hog.
I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out.
No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic.
Whether the boy hears it or not, the man is still a jackass. Everyone should have some mother wit.
You shouldn't talk about the boy's father in front of him. This is family business and we have to pull together.
I want to hear what happened. My brother is a jackass and a damn fool. The both of you have been as scarce as hen's teeth.
Now you don't have to say anything if you don't want to.
Where does her get the power to summon all his old raffish friends? They all smell of moth balls.
Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock.
He just leeches off your parents. He is a master at wearing out welcome.
Don't shout!
When did you talk to Harry?
Why not? Harry says that's the only way to do good.
We can't really bring another family in here with us.
You know the man next door is near death.
I'm sorry he got those birds.
He is in his pigeon cage.
Where is Skip?
I was just trying to make conversation.
Counting the what? What does that have to do with the price of butter?
Counting the gray hairs in your head.
What are you doing?
I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything.
But when your sunflowers come up, I'll pay you for them.
I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful.
I didn't mean for you to pay me for that.
It is so considerate of you.
Tolerably well. I brought you some more rabbit manure for your roses.
How are you?
