Well, I hope it stays that way.
No, of course not.  She's one of the top students at her school.
Is she in any kind of therapy... professional help?
I... I don't really know.
I mean, did you ask her?  What kind of drugs has she tried?
I don't know what you mean.
One thing bothers me...  That kid they dropped off had coke and heroin in him.  Serious amounts.  He's lucky he lived.  So I gotta ask: what's your daughter on?
Like I said, open container, P.I., Misdemeanor possession.  Easy to make it disappear.  For you, poof, it's gone.
Still, this was a sensitive issue for me and I wanted to thank you personally.
Judge Wakefield, it's an honor to handle it for you.  Consider it gone away.  She's a minor; it probably would've expunged on her 18th birthday anyway.
I appreciate you coming in so early.
You will believe me, because it's true.
I want to believe you.  I really do.
If Manolo hadn't gone and told them what he did then Salazar and Madrigal would never have been brought to justice.  He did a great thing for Tijuana.  He did a great thing for Mexico.
Well, you know, he's going to say about Madrigal... and Salazar.
What is he planning on telling them?
Nine thousand dollars.
How much?
He has debts.  He has gambling debts. He owes a lot of money.
Why does he need money?
It's very hard for me to come and tell you this.
What?  What is it?
No.
He never came home last night.  Was he with you?
He's not here.
I can't find Manolo.
Anna.  What's wrong?  What do you want?
He's right.  They'll do it when you're walking somewhere, make it look like street crime.
Even if that were true, they're not going to come to your house where you're waiting for them.
It's the same.  What happened to what they gave you?
It's the same stuff?  From the rainy day stash?
What are you thinking, calling me at home with a message like that?  You've compromised me and our relationship --
Did you get it?
I can't do that.
I need an introduction to the Obregon Brothers.
Helena --
I know I made things worse.  I know that and I'm sorry, but Arnie I need something from you.  Something only you can help me with.
Helena, please.  This is out of your hands.
That is going to be rather difficult when all the evidence is against us.
Have you gone crazy?  You are not Carl.  You aren't as good as Carl.  They are moving the trial to a high security location.  The press has gone berserk.  The jury will be influenced.  Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case.
I tried, Arnie.  And, I will continue to try.
That was a stupid thing you did. Incredibly stupid.
I'm glad you think so, but I'm picturing a debt-ridden, thirty-two year-old mother whose ex-husband is being compared to Pablo Escobar.  And I'm wondering who would want to be with someone like that?
I remember when I first met you: little Helen Watts from the wrong side of somewhere.  I had a feeling even then that your survival instincts were pretty well honed.
Sometimes I wonder what I'll do if Carl doesn't get out.  I'm not very adept at being on my own.  I've always had a man in my life.  Always.
Don't you have some good news?  Isn't there something positive you could say.
Laundromats for the washing of money. Unfortunately, Carl had only one successful business.
What about legitimate businesses? We own a construction concern, real estate --
Even if I knew I wouldn't tell you. You do not want to come into contact with these people.  Only Carl knows who they are.  That's his real asset. Ruiz doesn't know them.  They don't know Ruiz.  Church and State.
Please.  Tell me who Carl sells to.
Yes, I told you before, there are people who owe you money but they're not paying.  There's too much heat on Carl.
Arnie, help me.  Doesn't anyone owe us money?
Helena, if I had it I would give it to you, but I don't have that kind of money.
Arnie, I need money.  Somebody threatened my children.  They want a first payment of three million dollars.
This place is swept twice a day.  I learned that in Miami in '85.  Then the U.S. shut down the whole Caribbean, but it's a big game of wack-a-mole.  Knock it down in Miami, it pops up here.  And San Diego is so much more relaxing.
I suspect he'll accept his payment in publicity.
How much do I pay him?
You're gonna get through it, but the first thing we do is get Michael Adler to represent Carl.  We get Adler and we beat this thing.
If all our assets are frozen and our "sales force" has scattered...  How am I supposed to survive?  I'm giving birth in three months.  How do I get through this?
Of course he is.  I've known him for twenty years and he doesn't jaywalk...
I am on the board of my son's school. I had a fundraiser for A.L.V. in my front yard.  I have a right to know if my husband is a legitimate businessman.
That's a very apt analogy, Helena. Now, go home and be with your children.
Arnie, I feel like Alice stepping through the looking glass.
I don't know, but under no circumstances would I talk about it here.  I want you to go home and relax the best you can.  Continue your life as if nothing has happened. That is very important.
What is he being charged with?
Got it?  Good.  Do not discuss anything over the telephone.  Do not talk to the neighbors.  Stay out of your yard.
Arnie, this is crazy.
Good.  From now on I want you to expect that every word you utter will be tape-recorded, that the movement of your lips is being read. Got it?
Listen to me carefully.  First of all, Carl isn't here.  DEA's got him and they'll hang on to him until arraignment, which will probably be tomorrow.  So here you're wasting your time.  Are you with me?
Why are you talking like that?
I understand.  You're upset.  You want to know what's going on.  That's good.
Arnie, thank God.
Helena, I'm so sorry --
Goodbye Arnie.
Carl --
Arnie, do think there's a difference between a reason and an excuse, because I don't think there is.
Carl, think about it, if I was trying to rip you off, I would have left town after Ruiz was killed.  I wouldn't sit next to you in court listening to the dismissal.
So my wife is lying?
Carl, that's insane.
You had it all figured out.  You move into my house.  You raise my kids.  You sleep with my wife.  It was a good plan, Arnie.
I just didn't want to take a chance. I didn't want to risk it.  It could have been frozen along with everything else.
And you didn't feel like you could trust my wife with this news?
I was just waiting for the right time.
So Arnie, when were you going to tell me about the 3 million dollars we got in from San Francisco two days after I got arrested?
What?
Don't bother.
Carl, I'm running late.  I'm coming right now --
It's Saturday, Arnie.  You work too hard.
She'll be at a pawn shop in an hour.
Where are you going?
At least she's alive.
So's the video camera.
My Leica's gone.
I don't know.
God, I don't get it.  Are we supposed to say to ourselves, be prepared to lose her, be prepared to lose our child?  Why does this happen to someone? How does it happen?
Me, too.
About the other night, I'm sorry.
No, not yet.
Should we bring the police into this?
Yeah, because the alternative is to be bored to death.
Oh, it is?
I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day.  That's different.
I'm not the one who has to have three scotches just to walk in the door and say hello.
Yeah, well, she has a way of self- medicating that probably seems familiar, too.
No, I don't think so.  Leave me alone, give me money.  That's what I get from our daughter.  She has a way of shutting me out that seems very familiar.
Look, I'm as worried as you are --
If you start in on the war metaphors I'm going to drive this car into a fucking telephone pole.
The first thing we have to do is present a unified front.
Because I'm at the edge of my capabilities, Robert.
Barbara --
You might want to pencil in a little face-time with your daughter.
Does this mean you're going to be gone more?
I think we may have found our Mexican Drug Czar.  It's this General, Salazar.  At least I'll have somebody on the other side I can talk to.
She asked me not to.
Explain to me how you could think that I shouldn't know about this. Explain to me how this wouldn't be relevant to me.  As a parent.
Six months.  I found some marijuana, that's all.  And a little pipe about two inches long.  I talked with her. She said her friends smoked pot and drank --
How long have you known?
We don't want to push her away. These are growing experiences.
Space for what?  To O.D. like that other kid?  I will not send the message that this type of behavior is okay with her parents.  Because it isn't.  Correct?
I think she has to find out for herself, on her own.  We have to allow her space --
To begin with, she's only sixteen years-old.
Why?
This is different.
Should we take the quotes off experiment and call it what it is?
Stop.  You experimented in college. I don't want to hear about that.
Honey, this is difficult, but we've all had our moments.  I tried --
We'll ground her, clip her wings a bit.  School and scheduled activities and that's it until further notice. This has to be handled delicately. Dan Kelly, in the District Attorney's office, will probably help us out, quietly.  Christ, this could be embarrassing.
Me, too.
I think she's lying.
It's so frustrating.
That's frustrating.
So you know we put the case before the arbitration panel, none of whom had any expertise.  Superfund is just one of those words.  People stop paying attention.
Drugs begin pouring out of America into every other country in the world. Canada is completely overwhelmed.
Like a Grateful Dead Concert.
He's a friend.  He's also like the only one who was dealing with the situation.  He'd definitely had a few beers, but it's not like he wanted to drive.  We didn't know what else to do.  It wasn't my pot.
How well do you know this boy, Seth, who was driving?  You know the police have charged him with a DUI and possession of marijuana.
He didn't hang around us.  He's like one of those hippie kids.  I'm not part of that group.  It was a party in all these rooms.  His girlfriend who I barely know was completely hysterical... He's blue, he's puking... We didn't want to get in trouble, but what were we supposed to do?  I mean, what would you have done if you had been us?
What do you think?
Is this bad for him?
I don't know.
Are you going to?
Not yet.
Did you tell Dad?
Sorry, but I mean, come on.
Caroline --
None of my friends can fucking believe my dad is the actual Drug Czar.
That makes mom the Czarina.  I'm a Czarette.  Like Anastasia.
Czar for life, just like a real czar.
Honey, your father knows the President.
Did you meet the President?
Tell me what to do, Carl.  I need guidance, not a fucking platitude.  I'm not bringing a child into the kind of life I grew up with.  I won't do it.  I want our life back.
Helena --
How?  Supportive letters from prison while I'm being kicked out of our home?  Do you have any idea what is happening out here?  Our credit cards are maxed. The people at the bank, you should see their faces when I walk in there. I have a letter from the government telling me that anything I sell from our house will be taken against an income tax lien.  Our friends are behaving like the crowd at a public hanging.  Nobody will help us.  Nobody will take us in.  Nobody wants anything to do with us.  So tell me, Carl, how you're gonna make it up to me.  Tell me again how we'll get through this, and maybe while you're at it you can put your hand up against the glass so we can have a tender moment of connection.
We'll get through this, I promise. I'll make it up to you --
We watched his father get dragged away by federal agents.  I don't even know how to begin to tell him where you are or when you're coming back... Or if you're coming back.
Helena --
How's David? How's David? He's terrific, Carl.
How's David?
I keep feeling like I'm forgetting something.
You all right?
I got that.  How was your day?
Just watching you.
What's up?
Hi.
Hi.
Oh, yes I can.
You can't make me.
What is wrong with you?  What?  You're going away.  You're getting help somewhere.
Like I give a fuck.
Okay, young lady, that's it.
Fuck you.  I wasn't doing anything. You're like the Gestapo.
Where is it?  Where are the drugs?  Where are they?
It's a presidential appointment so... until I quit or get fired.
How long's the job?
I don't know.
Will we get invited to the White House?
As it happens, the President of the United States, my new boss, the leader of the free world, has me penciled in for some "face time".
Somehow, I don't see that happening.
What if every country legalized at the same time?
Fine -- legalization.  Okay, forgetting all of our international trade agreements, legalize everything today.  The Government inserts itself into all drug transactions.  The U.S. becomes a giant pharmacy.  Our borders are mobbed, lines of people from here to Europe wanting to smoke, snort and shoot themselves into oblivion.
What about legalizing everything? Has anybody talked about that?
What's it like?  Imagine you're being accosted by a swarm of beggars in the heart of Calcutta, except the beggars are wearing $1500 suits and they don't say "please" or "thank you."
I'm a National Merit Finalist.  I'm on the Hi-Q team and the Math team. I'm in the Spanish Club.  I'm a Thespian.  I'm Vice-President of my class.  I'm on the volleyball team.
You do?  What else you do?
I get A's.  All A's.
What's that mean?
I'm third in my class.
How are your grades?
Yeah.
Private?
Cincinnati Country Day.
In school?
I volunteer.  I read to blind people. One day a week for two hours.
Do you work?
Yes.
Parents still together?
Yes.
Live with your parents?
Sixteen
...How old are you?
Why?  Nobody's there.
I think so.  If she didn't she should have.  I've only got maybe an hour.  Then volleyball practice is over and I have to be home.
Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd and Nancy?
Then here's a little bump.
Yes, mom --
Have you done your homework, honey?
Yeah, then some dope to take the edge off at the end of a long day.
Maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with them to unwind --
You know my dad takes eight red cold pills every day?  He and my mom have cocktail hour every night, from six to seven, set your clock, two bourbons --
He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor --
Are you kidding...  I'm staying with you --
We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us.
Ach, that's what I'm talking about. Sarcasm.  Always fucking sarcasm. You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you --
Not like.  It is.
What is this, like freebase?
Inhale the smoke and hold it.
Just watch.
What are you doing?
Yeah, like turning into a beautiful woman.
Oh, man, I've never eaten so good in my life.  Why don't you develop a useful skill?
Remember when we sat on that mob guy, that chef, for like six months?
She's your girlfriend.  Open it, talk about your kids.
What do you think she wants?
I don't know.
What do we do?
I love my job.  I love it.  The next time I'm having a bad day you gotta remind me of right now and I'll get over it.
Are you getting this on tape?
Winners don't do coke.  Or haven't you been reading the bumper stickers?
He won.  He was a winner.  That bothers you.
Maradona is a cokehead.  Hand of God, my ass.  We're wasting our time here.
You should see little Montel play. Little Montel is the next Maradona.
You want to make a wager on this?
So does half of San Diego.
She knows Arnie Metzger.
I'm telling you, she doesn't know shit.
I have dreams about this, actual dreams about busting the top people, the rich people, the white people.
She ain't in on it.
They're whispering.  I can't hear them, but I know it.  I smell conspiracy.  I feel the lie vibrating out of the home.
Who do you work for?
That's a big word for a fisherman.
We got you on tape making the deal. We got you bragging about the quality. We got you bragging about your business.  We got you.
Move 'em to Texas, fry 'em up.
It's a funny fuckin' joke and it's quick.  Why do women wear makeup and perfume?
Chill out --
Nope.
No more pissant basin league bullshit for us, hunh?
I feel good.
No telltales.  Nothing to read. Not touching my face.  Not even blinking.  No giveaways.  How're you feeling?
Medicinal marijuana initiative.  Or am I being cynical?
Arizona.
Depends on the state.
What would a law firm want from the new drug Czar?
You can learn a lot about somebody from this stuff.  Three categories: you like me, you hate me, you want something from me.  Definitely third category.
Your friends at Warren, Putnam and Hudson.
Depends who it's from.
What do you think it is?
Yeah!
Women's room, stall two.  Should we stop for ice-cream?
We're playing!
David --
Especially Tiger Woods.  ...Actually, he keeps his on the back seat.
Not Tiger Woods.
All the professionals keep them in the trunk.
No --
I'll put this in the back.
What are you?  A mouse?  Get out of the car and do it.  This is your chance.
They're going to walk right past me.
There's always a way.  If people get to the Pope or the President, you can get to him.
I don't know.  Eduardo Ruiz is the only real witness against Carl.  The security is very tight.  There may not be a way.
When will you do it?
I don't really like guns.  You shoot someone in the head three times and some doctor will keep them alive.
You're kidding.  Can't you shoot him or something?
You were followed by the police, but they won't hear us over the children. I want to use a bomb.
I have a job for you and I don't have much time.
You may speak.
I'm on a special phone, may I speak freely?
Yes.
You only got to me because you were tipped off by the Juarez Cartel, who's trying to break into Tijuana. You're helping them.  You work for a drug dealer too, Monty.
So go shower already.
The worst thing about you, Monty, is you realize the futility of what you're doing and you do it anyway. I wish you could see how transparent you are.  This food tastes like shit.
You're breaking my heart.
Can't you for a second imagine none of this had happened?  That my drugs had gone through.  What would have been the harm?  A few people get high who are getting high anyway. Your partner is still alive.  We avoid having breakfast together. Don't you see this means nothing? That your whole life is pointless?
That thought makes me feel awful.
You expect me to be grateful for spending the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
When the DEA gets into the narcotics business, then we'll stay at the Four Seasons.
This is ridiculous.  Why is there no elevator?
Carl and I were friends from childhood.  He was loyal, that's not a mistake.
He hired you.  That was a mistake.
I got greedy.  I decided to bring a little in on my own and somebody tipped you off.  That was my mistake. Carl would never be so stupid.
This attitude's not gonna help him any, is it?
In Mexico law enforcement is an entrepreneurial activity, this is not so true for the USA.  Using regression analysis we made a study of the customs lanes at the border and calculated the odds of a search.  The odds are not high, and we found variables that reduce the odds.  We hire drivers with nothing to lose.  Then we throw a lot of product at the problem.  Some get stopped.  Enough get through.  It's not difficult.
So you pay off our customs officials?
Carlos, I mean Carl, started out in the family connection business: real estate in Tijuana, fishing boats out of Ensenada, hydroponic raspberries. He met up with the Obregon brothers of the Tijuana Cartel who were interested in two things: entering society and using his fishing boats.
We can protect you.
It's a death sentence.  I'll never make it to the trial.
One chance here, Eduardo.  Make us believe you got a boss.  No boss, it's all on you.
The amount of coke we got on you means capital punishment in some states.
You can't visit me here.  I want my lawyer.
Listen you motherfucker, you tried to kill me with a fucking cannon.
I am a legitimate business.  Fishing boats.  Tuna.  Check it out.  Tax records, everything --
You planning on going somewhere, Eduardo?  You don't like it here? This is the best situation you're going to have for a long, long time.
Nobody said shit, Eduardo --
So, it's worth the wait, right? What can I do?  Rent a Huey?  Have an airlift?  It's not like you can put it in a condom up some mule's asshole, right?  How many peasants would that take?  A line stretching from here to Mexico City --
You will dine with me from now on.
I don't know, sir.
Bring this man a change of good clothes.  Has he eaten?
Yes, sir!
We aren't barbarians.
Yes, sir!
I want to know who is responsible for this treatment.
Deliver that safely to Tigrillo in San Diego.  And we have a deal.
You will help me with my other problem.
Exactly, and this is how I know I'm not getting into business with the U.S. Government.
That's crazy.  My husband is on trial for smuggling.
Take this back with you.  Deliver it safely to Tigrillo in San Diego and we have a deal.
Perhaps... Perhaps... I'm afraid I must first ask you to pass a test. I asked the same of your husband and he succeeded with flying colors.
It should be... It's yours.  I want our debt forgiven.  I want to be the exclusive distributor of Obregon Brothers Cocaine for the United States.  And I want the principle witness against my husband, Eduardo Ruiz, killed.
That's good coke.
Fine, then we don't have a deal.
Fine, then we don't have deal.
I'm six months pregnant.  I won't do it.
You first.
I don't believe you.
Every part, from his ears to his accessory belt, is high-impact, pressure-molded cocaine.  Odorless. Undetectable by dogs.  Undetectable by anyone.
Not in...
You want to smuggle narcotics in Mr. Espastico Jacobo.  That's nothing new.
We have the ability to change the color, odor, and physical property of cocaine.
I don't know.  Perhaps I remember something.
My husband had been working on something he called, The Project for the Children.  Are you aware of this?
But not in whose interest it is to help you out of debt.
There are plenty of other suppliers in Mexico.
You don't?  Listen to this woman in a man's world, a very violent world.
I don't think you're going to do that.
That is not true, Mrs. Ayala.  Your route is compromised.  Perhaps it is time for me to deal with other distributors in California.
My husband is the victim of an informer in your organization, not ours.
I hear these stories.  Your husband in jail.  His business in chaos. Various people fighting over the scraps.
Why do you say that, Mr. Marquez?
No, this is not possible.  And I thank you for coming down here, though I suspect it's been a pointless journey.
Yes, he threatened to kill my five year-old son.  I was under the impression I would be meeting Juan Obregon.
We keep our mouths shut.
Javi!  Come on.  Don't pull this you don't care bullshit.  This is incredible information.  It must be. Javi --
Porfirio Madrigal is not dead.  I just saw him.
What?
Madrigal's alive.
Go home.  Get cleaned up.  Get to work.  Salazar is heading down to Mexico City next week and I'm not getting left behind.  Don't fuck this up.
No, but a lot of other people.  You should come.  You should come out with us.
Oh, really.  General Salazar was there?
It's no problem.  I was just with everybody we work with.
Not this time.
Yeah.  It should be fun.  You wanna come?
Your new friends.
Guzman, Tomas, Esteban --
Who?
A group of us are going out tonight.
Then I guess I'm going by myself.
This is fucking crazy.  Instead of killing us, he sends us on a suicide mission.  Do you know who Frankie Flowers is?  He's a psycho-cokehead- hitman.  A faggot.  He's killed fucking who knows how many people. You'd need half the force to get close to him.  And you can't get their help because he lives in fucking San Diego.
The police won't find your car.
Please.  Filing a report will not help you find your car.
Anyway, I don't think we'll ever see them again.  Everything's back to normal.
She's nosy.  She hears me on the telephone.
If you want her to stay out of it, then stop telling her everything. You should learn how to keep a secret.
They wouldn't do it in front of all these people.  They'd send someone later, when we're alone.
Relax.  If they were going to kill us they would have done it in the desert.
I don't know.  Something.
What's he doing up here?
Yeah.
Wasn't that General Salazar?
I feel like a traitor.
You should feel good about this.
This is a very different proposition.
We thought maybe you'd have that kind of information for us.
So... maybe you tell me about your informants in our operations.
We agree.
It's important that we work together. Mexico.  America.  One hand washing the other.
No.
A place we have, that we know is protected.
Where?
Somewhere safe.
When he loves me like a father, he will never tell anyone he was here. He will freely give the names of his superiors.  Then we get them and they too will give us names.  And eventually somebody will get us to Juan Obregon and the cartel will fall.
But will he be house-trained?
You watch and learn.  I earn his trust.  Then more pain.  Then I appear with kindness.  Within a week he will follow me around like a dog.
Everybody has a weakness.
I'm curious how you did this with such economy.
He'll do what I say.
Only if he can be trusted.
Does this offer include my partner?
A small thing.  Nothing really.
What is it you want me to do?
I'm trying to bust the Tijuana Cartel.
If I can.
That's your past.  I want to talk about your future.  Would you be willing to do something for me?
It was an anonymous tip.
What is the name of your informant?
An informant.
One question.  How did you find about this?
Well, Javier Rodriguez, you've done a very good job, but we'll take care of it from here.
Javier Rodriguez.
What's your name?
Is it possible to have a Drug Czar in Mexico who isn't connected in some war to one of the cartels?
It's possible.
That would probably mean the Tijuana Cartel is gaining power?
It could mean that, yes.
Let me ask you a hypothetical question: if Salazar worked for Madrigal and the Juaraz cartel, and he went out of power, would it mean the Juarez Cartel is losing influence?
So what's it doing in Tijuana?
I'm aware of that.
The cocaine brand, 911, is an East Coast brand, a Juarez Cartel brand, and you must know it usually comes through into El Paso?
If I ever return to the bench, Counselor Adler, I hope I have the pleasure of hearing your arguments.
I hope when you were on the bench, Judge Wakefield, you didn't handle the presumption of innocence in the same fashion.
Last I read your clients were chopping people up with chainsaws and delivering illegal narcotics into this country.
Noriega was head of a sovereign nation who made the mistake of doing business with the U.S.  Government.  So, no, I don't have a problem waking up every day and fighting our government, fighting people like you, trying to keep this system a little bit honest.
Noriega is a criminal.
We kidnapped Noriega out of Panama. Is that covered in your Constitution? Because it isn't in mine.
Michael, you represent drug dealers, not civil libertarians.
The worst serial killer in history - who?  Gacy - right?  Killed forty two people.  Our government killed fifty thousand in Vietnam and lied about it every day.
Which part, getting terrorists loose on bail or freeing convicted murderers on technicalities?
My work keeps me young.
Right.  But, that's not the biggest problem.  One of our Intel officers picked up information from DEA that traffickers have come up with a process, a chemical process, to turn coke into something else.  It doesn't smell like coke.  It doesn't look like coke.  And what's worse, it doesn't react to field test.  It could be anything.  Maybe it's already happening.  I mean, how would we know?
That triple the amount of stuff is going through.
Sure.  More money in intelligence on their side of the border.  So we have a better idea who we're looking for.  More dogs.  More people. Supposed to be getting some giant x- ray machines to run the trucks through.  Outside of martial law that's about the best you're gonna do.  But, I should tell you, there are two things that really have us on edge right now.  In the last six months seizures have tripled, even though we're pulling over the same number of cars.  What does that tell you?
Any way we can do it better?
We ask questions and measure the answers.  When something doesn't ring true, a fact that doesn't make sense, a slight hesitation, then it's off to secondary for a closer look.  Before NAFTA we had about 1.9 million trucks a year.  Now it's almost double.  Pretty soon there'll be Mexican truck companies that will have as much freedom in crossing the border as American truck companies.
What do you look for?
I've read official estimates but I wouldn't bet my house on them.  I've heard the entire cocaine supply for the United States can fit into four tractor-trailers.  At least a half-dozen of those cars right out there are carrying a load of dope, with drivers employed by people who don't give a damn if they're caught or not.
Any idea how much?
The busiest land border crossing in the world.  Over forty-one thousand vehicles per day, twenty-two thousand pedestrians on foot.  I think we do a pretty good job but we know a lot of drugs are still getting through.
Just tell me where she is.
I want your money, I'll take your money.
I'll pay you a thousand dollars.  I have it in my wallet.
I got money.
I have money --
Who the fuck do you think you are? Where the fuck do you think you are? Why the fuck do you think I shouldn't just put you in a dumpster?
I need to find my daughter.  I'll pay you.
This is a business.  Get the fuck outta here.
I'm looking for my daughter, Caroline. She comes here.
Hey man, back the fuck up.  To this place.  What's that shit?  Right now, all over this country, a hundred thousand white people from the suburbs are driving around downtown asking every black person they see, You got any drugs?  You know where I can get drugs?  What kind of effect you think this has on the psyche of a black person, on their possibilities?  If you sent a hundred thousand black people into your neighborhood, Indian Hills, and they asked every white person they saw, hey, you got any drugs?, within a day, your friends and their kids would be selling. It's market forces, man.  The product's marked up three hundred percent.  You can go out on the street and make five hundred bucks in two hours and then do whatever you want for the rest of the day.  You think white people would still be going to law school?
I can't believe you used to bring my daughter here, to this place.
I don't know, maybe we missed her.
You want to help?  Stay the fuck away from her.
Hey man, I'm sorry.  I'm just trying to help.
You don't know what the hell you're talking about.  You're a cocky seventeen year-old and you don't have a clue what the stakes are. You don't know the value of the life you've yet to throw away.  And neither does she.
The West End.  We buy it off the streets.  I can stop, you know, and she can't. Two people, really similar, we can talk about anything, but for me it's like a weekend thing, then I get my shit together, and for her it's different --
What?
We sometimes went downtown to score.
I don't give a fuck about your parents --
You won't say anything to my parents?
I'm not the police.  I don't care about experimentation.  She's a kid. I'm worried to death.
I don't know what to say.
Can you tell me anything?  Do you have any ideas?
I tried to talk to her when she was up there, but they wouldn't put me through.  I'm surprised she hasn't called.
She hasn't called you?
Oh, man --
She snuck away.  And we haven't seen her.  She hasn't come home.
She's not at that place you sent her?
Addicts treat themselves... they overdose and then there's one less to worry about.
Let me ask you a related question. We've talked about the supply side, but what about demand?  What is your policy for treating addiction?
Yes, I hope so as well.
Hopefully the exchange of training methods and information between our countries will help with this problem.
Yes, I am confident that Juan Obregon will be taken into custody before the end of the year.  But, you must understand that it is very difficult because of corruption in the police force.  We get a tip that he is one place, then we get there and he is already gone, having been warned by someone on our side.
You've been making very good progress against the Tijuana cartel.
That would be very helpful to me.  Also, I received the offer from DEA and the FBI to train some of my men at Quantico.  I think this will be extremely useful, a good way for us to absorb some of your methods.
I'd like to bring you up to Washington, walk you around our side of things, and share some of the information we've been able to develop on your cartels.
I recruited the best men in Mexico for my task force and put them through a rigorous screening process.  Not only physical, but also psychological.
If we're moving the press conference, we need to do it now.  Are you all right?
I'll get there as soon as I can.
Apparently not.  Look, it's a shit storm here right now.  When are you coming back?  I don't know what to tell people any more.
What?  I thought Madrigal was dead. I thought it was verified.
Salazar's been taken down.  He was working for Porfirio Madrigal.
I'm sorry... Did I wake you?
Hello.
I see where you're going with that, but if I could just say something, which is basically that a guy like Landry is so autocratic he doesn't know how to let himself be helped; it's a point of pride to take every bullet, no matter who fired it, or whether it was even aimed at him, which personally I think it very self-defeating.  Now, don't get me wrong, he's a man of enormous integrity, but there's a political component to this job that the General just didn't have any patience for.
Like you protected Landry?
I just want to be clear about one thing.  I used to work for him, but now I work for you.  I'm not a partisan person, I'm an issue person. In the next few weeks, if you allow me, we'll get you well-versed on an incredible array of issues.  The most important of which, in my opinion, being Mexico.  I know everybody that you're gonna meet. It's important that they like you. It's not important that they like me.  That's why I can help protect you.
I don't know.  I don't think there's any one person.  See the problem is the Juarez cartel owns everything and everybody, all the property on the Mexican side, sometimes all the property on both sides.  Warehouses, transportation, even tunnels.  It's very organized.
I mean, who runs interdiction on the Mexico side?
What do you mean?
Who do we interface with on their side?
Right.  Now it's used by somebody from the Juarez Cartel, one of his lieutenants...  Who knows?  Every damn day there's birthday party. At first I thought they must have three hundred children, then I realized they're taunting us.  Three miles away and we can't touch them. Ha, ha, ha.
He died in a liposuction surgery, right?
Agents who died in the field.
Who are these guys?
It's three a.m.  I'm not supposed to be here.  I snuck out --
Mapping the fucking pig genome. We'll call your dad, he's a neurosurgeon --
What kind of research?
He's a research doctor.  You're dad's a doctor, too --
Your dad's a doctor.  Call him --
What do we do?  Okay.  Fucked-up Bowman's turning blue.  Doctor.  We need a doctor.
