You'll never catch us, you flabby bastard. Right, see, when I come back --
I'll be right after you.
I'm off for a pish. When I come back, that money's still here, OK?
OK. Same again?
Christ.
Because I fucking told you to do that, you doss cunt.
Well, why didn't you bring them?
Bit fucking late, like.
I'm sorry.
It's fucking boring after a while without the cards.
Well, I've not brought them.
It's fucking boring after a while without the cards.
Well, I've not brought them.
The cards. The last thing I said to you was mind the cards.
What?
No. On you go.
Did you tell him?
You were in my way.
You've stabbed me, man.
Shut you mouth or you'll be next.
You daft cunt. If you're going to waste it like that, you might as well leave it all to me. Now get the drinks in.
No, I don't mean like that -- I mean something nice, like, that's all --
Shag her senseless.
I don't know, maybe I'll buy something for my ma, and then buy some good speed, no bicarb like, then get a girl, take her out like, and treat her -- properly.
If everyone keeps their mouth shut, there'll be no one going to jail.
I want the money, Mark, that's all.
Sorry's no going to dry me off, you cunt.
Look, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it.
All down my fucking front, you fucking idiot.
Sorry, mate, I'll get you another.
For fuck's sake.
Ninteen.
But it's not worth more than fifteen.
Twenty thousand.
Not sorry enough for being a fat cunt.
Cool down, Franco. The guy's sorry.
I guess you would, Franco.
I'd fucking kill you.
We'll be half-way down the road with the money.
For four fucking grand?  One palm tree, a couple of rocks, and a sewage outflow.
Buy yourself that island in the sun?
Did you bring the cards?
This was his nightmare. The dodgiest scam in a lifetime of dodgie scams being perpetrated with three of the most useless and unreliable fuck-ups in town. I knew what was going on in his mind: any trouble in London and he would dump us immediately, one way or another. He had to. If he got caught with a bagful of skag, on top of that armed robbery shit, he was going down for fifteen to twenty. Begbie was hard, but not so hard that he didn't shite it off twenty years in Saughton.
Four kilos. That's what -- Ten years' worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again?
Two thousand, one hundred and thirty- three pounds.
Jesus.
Yes, you fucking do. I've seen your statement.
Let's face it, it could have been wonderful.
I'm no a fucking buftie and that's the end of it.
I'm a fugitive from the law. I can't be seen on the fucking streets. Now watch my lips. Kempton Park. Two-thirty. Five pounds to win. Bad Boy.
Can you not go yourself.
Hey, I'm wanting a bet put on.
I've no fucking cigarettes.
What?
Too right it is. Now look, have you got anything to eat, 'cos I'm fucking Lee Marvin, by the way.
It's a scandal, Franco.
Aye, OK, Fr.  But the good times couldn't last for ever.
And remember, Rents: no skag.
Well, he's young and he's healthy.
So, what's he like?
What do you think -- I should be carrying a torch for you?
Happy birthday.
Sixteen next month.
And what age are you? Thirteen? Fourteen?
That's right: 'going steady' for four weeks now.
What? Steady like?
I've got a boyfriend, Mark.
Well, you're not going to tell anyone, are you, and besides, I thought we could meet up afterwards, maybe go somewhere together.
So why have you told me about it?
So long as everyone keeps their mouths shut, we'll not be getting caught.
Unless you get caught.
It's so simple. We buy it at four grand, we punt it at twenty to this guy that Sick Boy knows, and he punts it at sixty. Everyone's happy, everyone's in profit. I put up two. I come away with six.
The point is, you've got to find something new.
Iggy Pop is not dead. He toured last year. Tommy went to see him.
Whatever. I mean, the guy's dead anyway.
It's Iggy Pop.
You're not getting any younger, Mark. The world is changing, music is changing, even drugs are changing. You can't stay in here all day dreaming about heroin and Ziggy Pop.
Too young for what?
You're too young.
Smells like it.
Well, it isn't.
I wouldn't mind a bit, if it is.
No.
Calm down, I'm just asking. Is that hash I can smell?
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
Is that a promise, then?
Yes.
Are you clean?
What do you want?
Certainly not.
Can I see you again?
Easy for you to say.
Calm down. You're not going to jail.
And that's what's illegal. Do you know what they do to people like me inside? They'd cut my balls off and flush them down the fucking toilet.
In that case you can do it. You were quite happy to do a lot more last night.
No, not holding hands.
Holding hands?
Because it's illegal.
I don't see why not.
And don't make any noise.
Jesus.
No argument. You can sleep on the sofa in the living room, or go home. It's up to you.
Come on.
Out.
What?
Right. You can't sleep here.
Christ, I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978.
Shut up.
Sorry.
Ssshh!
Diane.
think I left something back at the -
Well, what's wrong, boy? Cat got your tongue.
Eh-
Do you find that this approach usually works, or, let me guess, you've never tried it before. In fact, you don't normally approach girls, am I right? The truth is that you're a quite, sensitive type but if I'm prepared to take a chance I might just get to know the inner you: witty, adventurous, passionate, loving, loyal, a little bit crazy, a little bit bad, but, hey, don't us girls just love that?
I'll come back if you like, but I'm not promising anything.
What?
Great.
It's where I live.
Where's that?
I'm going home.
Where are you going, Diane?
Diane.
What's your name?
Thanks.
Excuse me, I don't mean to harass you, but I was very impressed by the capable and stylish manner in which you dealt with that situation. I thought to myself: she's special.
He forgot. Useless motherfucker.
What happened?
What, and deny myself the only pleasure I get from him? Did I tell you about my birthday?
Actually it's a nightmare. I've been desperate for a shag, but watching him suffer was just too much fun. You should try it with Tommy.
It's an interesting theory.
I read it in Cosmopolitan.
I didn't either. What the fuck is it?
Exactly. I'm not wanting a cat, she says. Get to fuck, right. So there's Tommy stuck with this kitten. You can imagine what happened. The thing was neglected, pissing and shitting all over the place. Tommy was lying around fucked out of his eyeballs on smack or downers. He didn't know you could get toxoplasmosis from cat shit.
I bet Lizzy told him where to put it.
Eh? How's that?
No, toxoplasmosis. Sort of like a stroke.
What was it, pneumonia or cancer?
Tommy knew he had the virus, like, but never knew he'd gone full-blown.
Returned it? Where? To the video shop, Tommy? To the fucking video store? So every punter in Edinburgh is jerking off to our video? God, Tommy, I feel sick.
It'll be here somewhere. I might have returned it by mistake.
What do you mean, it's 'gone'? Where has it gone, Tommy?
Fuck, OK.
Yes, I want to watch ourselves while we're screwing.
Now?
Tommy, let's put the tape on.
Exactly. Those very words have been my guiding light in what is, after all, a dark and often hostile world.
Strive, hope, believe and conquer.
Of course, the motto, the motto --
Do you recall the school motto?
Oh, really?
I'm an old boy myself, you know?
Oh, yes, indeed. I look back on my time there with great fondness and affection. The debating society, the first eleven, the soft know of willow on leather --
One of Edinburgh's finest schools.
Indeed, yes, those halcyon days.
Well, Mr. Renton, I see that you attended the Royal Edinburgh College.
The pleasure was mine. Best interview I've ever been to. Thanks.
Thank you, Mr. Murphy. We'll let you know.
Hey. Right. No problem. Whatever you say, man. You're the man, the governor, the dude in the chair, like. I'm merely here. But obviously I am. Here, that is. I hope I'm not talking too much. I don't usually. I think it's all important though, isn't it?
You were referred here by the Department of Employment. There's no need for you to get you "foot in the door", as you put it.
Only to get my foot in the door. Showing initiative, right?
Mr. Murphy, do you mean that you lied on your application?
No, actually I went to Craignewton but I was worried that you wouldn't have heard of it so I put the Royal Edinburgh College instead, because they're both schools, right, and we're all in this together, and I wanted to put across the general idea rather than the details, yeah? People get all hung up on details, but what's the point? Like which school? Does it matter? Why? When? Where? Or how many O grades did I get? Could be six, could be one, but that's not important. What's important is that I am, right? That I am.
Spud, they're my sheets.
I'd really rather take care of it myself.
No problem for me either.  Honestly, it's no problem.
It's no problem.
There's no need.
No, I'll wash them. I'll take them home and bring them back.
I'll put the sheets in the washing machine just now.
Sorry about last night -
Morning, Spud. Sit down and have some breakfast.
No problem.  No problem -- easy to say when its some other poor cunt with shite for blood.
Thanks, Mark.
Well, sub us, then, mate. I'm expecting a rent cheque.
No, I'm clean.
Have you got any gear on you?
I'm sorry, Tommy.
That's nice.
Aye.
Clear?
Aye.
You take the test?
No. Me Neither.
No.
Following the game at all?
No.
Are you getting out much?
Would not say no, would not say no.
Another dab?
A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre.
Try this.
My problem is that I tend to clam up. I go dumb and I can't answer any questions at all. Nerves on the big occasion, like a footballer.
It's a tightrope, Spud, a fucking tightrope.
Nightmare.
Exactly.
And you might get the fucking job.
But try too hard --
Right.
If they think you're not trying, you're in trouble. First hint of that, they'll be on to the DSS, 'This cunt's no trying' and your Giro is fucking finished, right?
Yeah.
Now remember --
Cheers.
Good luck, Spud.
Sorry, boys, I don't have two thousand pounds.
Come on, Mark, every cunt knows you've been saving up down in London.
That's tough.
We're two thousand short.
But you don't have the money?
Four Grand.
What was your price?
So we've just come from Tommy's funeral and you're telling me about a skag deal?
So he met me and I offered to take it off his hands at a very reasonable price, with the intention of punting it on myself to a guy I know in London.
So?
About four kilos. So he tells me. Got drunk in a pub down by the docks last week, where he met two Russian sailors. They're fucking carrying the stuff. For sale there and then, like. So he wakes up the next morning, realizes what he's done and get very fucking nervous. Wants rid of this. {---------- He's looking for Swanney to punt it, but Swanney's nowhere to be seen since he lost his leg. ---------- }
How much?
There's a mate of swanney's. Mikey Forrester -- you know the guy. He's come into some gear. A lot of gear.
What?
It was just an idea.
Why would I want to sell my passport?
Well, this guy I've met runs a hotel. Brother. Loads of contacts. Does a nice little sideline in punting British passports to foreigners. Get you a good price.
Why?
Well, Christ, if I'd known you were going to get so humpty about it, I wouldn't have bothered. Are you going to eat that?
It was my fucking television.
I got a good price for it. Rents, I need the money.
I can't believe you did that.
And I'll tell you why. Because I'm fed up to my back teeth with losers, no-hopers, draftpacks, schemies, junkies and the like. I'm getting on with life. What are you doing?
Fuck you.
I know a couple of addicts. Stupid wee lassies. I feed them what they need. A little bit of skag to keep them happy while the punters line up at a fiver a skull. It's easy money for me. Not exactly a fortune, but I'm thinking, 'I should be coining it here.'  Less whores, more skag. Swanney's right. Get clean, get into dealing, that's where the future lies. Set up some contacts, get a good load of skag, punt it, profit. What do you think?
You're all hear.
Fuck you. OK, so Tommy's got the virus. Bad news, big deal. The gig goes on, or hadn't you noticed? Swanney fucks his leg up. Well, tough shit, but it could have been worse.
You're a real mate. And what about Tommy? Have you been to see him yet?
Don't know. Maybe Thursday.
When are you going to visit him?
Cut it out.
And I got a stitch stuck between my teeth, jerked my head back and the whole fucking stump fell off.
God, you're sick.
He made me lick it.
Oh no, don't even mention it.
No, he didn't make me touch it.
You know.
What?
Did he -- you know?
It wasn't that bad.
Eughh. Sounds horrible.
I'm cooking' up. There is a silence.
Say something, Mark, say something --
It wasn't my baby. She wasn't my baby. Baby Dawn. She wasn't mine. Spud's? Swanney's? Sick Boy's? I don't know. Maybe Allison knew. Maybe not. I wished I could think of something to say, something sympathetic, something human.
Oh, fuck. Sick Boy reaches out to Allison.
What's wrong, Allison?
I think Allison had been screaming all day, but it hadn't really registered before. She might have been screaming for a week for all I knew. It's been days since I've heard anyone speak, though surely someone must have said something in all that time, surely to fuck someone must have.
Clear enough, Moneypenny. This should present no significant problem.
Do you see the beast? Have you got it in you sights?
Give me the gun.
Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated.
That's your theory?
Yeah.
Right. So we all get old and then we can't hack it any more. Is that it?
That means fuck all. The sympathy vote.
Despite the Academy award?
I don't rate that at all.
What about The Untouchables?
All I'm trying to do is help you understand that The Name of the Rose is merely a blip on an otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory.
OK, OK, so what's the point you're trying to make?
Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Presley. -
So who else?
No, it's not bad, but it's not great either, is it? And in your heart you kind of know that although it sounds all right, it's actually just shite.
Some of his solo stuff's not bad.
Well, at one time, you've got it, and then you lose it, and it's gone for ever. All walks of life: George Best, for example, had it and lost it, or David Bowie, or Lou Reed -
What do you mean?
It's certainly a phenomenon in all walks of life.
Roald Dahl. Fuck me.
Roald Dahl.
Who wrote it?
Tomorrow afternoon. Usual set-up.
The park?
And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow.
You don't know, do you?
But you're looking better, it has to be said. Healthier. Radiant even.
Who wrote it?
You can look it up.
OK, so who was it, then?
Fuck off! He never wrote any of them.
Eh - Ian Fleming?
Screenwriter?
Lewis Gilbert.
Director?
One hundred and sixteen minutes.
Running time?
Nineteen-sixty-seven.
You Only Live Twice?
The only drawback, or at least the principal drawback, is that you have to endure all manner of cunts telling you that -
I would say, in those days, he was a muscular actor, in every sense, with all the presence of someone like Cooper or Lancaster, but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable romantic lead, closer in that respect to Cary Grant.
People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shite, which is not to be ignored, but what they forget - Spud is shooting up for the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all, we're not fucking stupid. At least, we're not that fucking stupid. Take the best orgasm you ever had, multiply it by a thousand and you're still nowhere near it. When you're on junk you have only one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get pished. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about bills, about food, about some football team that never fucking wins, about human relationships and all the things that really don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit.
Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot better than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its relative poor showing at the box office, in which field, of course, Thunderball was a notable success.
I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who need reasons when you've got heroin?
Sure will, pal, sure will.
You'll have to send us a postcard.
Yeah.
Sounds great, Swanney.
The strategy is this: get clean, get mobile, get into dealing, and this time next year I'll be watching the rising sun with a posse of oriental buttocks parked on my coupon.
Sure.
And see when I get out of here. I've got plans. Going to get myself straightened out and head off to Thailand, where women really know how to treat a guy. See, out there you can live like a king if you've got white skin and a few crisp tenners in your pocket. No fucking problem.
Great.
As you wish.
No, thank you. I'll proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drugs, please.
In that case --
Regret to inform, sir, that your credit limit was reached and breached a long time ago.
Stick it on my tab.
And would sir care to settle his bill in advance?
Why, thank you.
Your usual table, sir?
Excellent.
Your favourite dish.
What's on the menu this evening?
To see you through the night that lies ahead.
No, I don't think so.
you'll need one more hit.
That's hardly a substitute.
He knows a lot about Sean Connery.
He's always been lacking in moral fibre.
Yeah, well, it surely worked for him.
The Sick Boy method.
Sure, sure. I've heard it before.
I'm going to get it right this time. Going to get it set up and get off it for good.
Well, it's up to you.
Yeah. No more. I'm finished with that shite.
Are you serious?
From time to time, even I have uttered the magic words.
Doesn't it make you proud to be Scottish?
Look, Tommy, we know you're getting a hard time off Lizzy, but there's no need to take it out on us.
It's fresh air.
It's really nice, Tommy. Can we go home now?
It's the great outdoors.
Are you serious?
There.
Such as sitting in a darkened room, watching videos, drinking, smoking dope and wanking. Does that answer your question?
Such as?
If I'm giving up a whole day and the price of a ticket, I'm just saying it had better be good. There's plenty of other things I could be doing.
It will be. It'll make a change for three miserable junkies who don't know what they want to do with themselves since they stopped doing smack.
This had better be good.
I don't know, Tommy. I don't know if it's... normal.
Well, what are you waiting for?
But where?
A walk.
What?
We go for a walk.
Well, I've paid for the ticket.
So what's it going to be?
Big time. Absolutely fucking radge. 'It's me or Iggy Pop, time to decide.'
Went ballistic?
Yes, but then she finds out I've bought a ticket for Iggy Pop the same night.
That's fair enough.
Useless motherfucker, that's what she called me. I told her, I'm sorry, but theses things happen. Let's put it behind us.
I've got balls like watermelons, I'm telling you.
Six weeks and no sex?
She read it in Cosmopolitan.
Where did she come up with that?
It's a nightmare. She told me she didn't want our relationship to start on a physical basis as that is how it would be principally defined from then on in.
Six weeks!
Six weeks.
How long is it?
No joy yet.
How's it going with Gail?
No. Well, yes. I have to admit it: I'm a perfectionist. For me, it's the best or nothing at all. If things go badly, I can't be bothered, but I have a good feeling about this interview. Seems to me like it's gone pretty well. We've touched on a lot of subjects, a lot of things to think about, for all of us.
Mr. Murphy, {leaving your friend aside,} do you see yourself as having any weaknesses?
No, not homeless people. Beggars, Francis Begbie -- one of my mates. I wouldn't say my best mate, I mean, sometimes the boy goes over the score, like one time when we -- me and him -- were having a laugh and all of a sudden he's fucking gubbed me in the face, right --
Homeless people?
I love people. All people. Even people that no one else loves, I think they're OK, you know. Like Beggars.
What do you see as your main strengths?
