Jesus Christ.  I know who the dominant personality is.  Lindenmeyer.
I've discovered something about Lindenmeyer'5 Maestro teaching tool I thought you should know...  The harm done to the music students who used the device —— it was not by accident. The machine was designed explicitly for that purpose. Lindenmeyer intended to hurt the kids using it.
I'm sorry, I thought you were somebody else.
Me? What did I do?
You son-of—a—bitch, I'm going to kill you.
Look, I feel bad about this, so I'm going to try to look into the programming of his Maestro teaching tool for you.  ) I've had one sitting around for years. Maybe I can learn something that you'll find useful.
It's not your fault. We appreciate you trying.
It was very well—hidden. There was no way to see it until it was too late.
I accidently triggered a protection mechanism which erased the entire program.
In English, please.
) There is one program with approximately 1.3 million lines of programming. It is thoroughly secured, which is not surprising considering Lindenmeyer created it.
Can you tell us what's on the disc?
) Daryl Lindenmeyer was only here briefly, one semester at most. But he was singularly the most brilliant student I ever had in a classroom. He created programs so beautiful, so lyrical, they were almost like symphonies...
You already have staked your reputation.  Mayor Bennett and I have been friends a long time. Since Grimes tried to kill him, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to come to the conclusion that Sid 6.7 might go after him, too.  Bennett's Re-Election Rally is tomorrow night and we already have enough trouble on our hands with one psychotic on the loose.  The fail-safe on—line, yet?
Do I need to remind you what happened to his wife? To his daughter?  I will stake my reputation that Barnes didn't kill those guards.
He would slaughter eight people sitting in a room, but not two prison guards?
Barnes wouldn't kill two innocent guards.
I wish we could hear them.
I don't know.
Why would they be going there?
Madison lives two blocks from their present location.
What are they doing in Los Feliz?
But only you will know he's not human.
There's already a task force out looking for Lindenmeyer. Every other officer in the city will be hunting Sid right along with you.
Yes or no, Mr. Barnes?
If you try to run, I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
This is the newest technology approved for general implementation. It's called a locater implant. Every parolee gets one.  We're going to know where you are every second for the rest of your life.
Catch him and your record's clean.
Recognize this? How would you like your old job back?
Whatever.
You mean a nano—tech synthetic organism.
We don't know how, but Sid 6.7 made himself into an android.
Why wasn't I told?
My first two pairs of convicts suffered the same fate.
If you're lying, I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
On my life, I promise you I will.
When this is over, will you get this goddam thing out of my head?
Then I guess we're even.
She saved your life, Parker. She didn't have to, but she did.
You son—of—a—bitch. How could you let them put the implant in my head? How?
Don't worry, they have no idea where you are.
Where's my gun?
Sid 6.7 is now armed.
Their weapons missing?
Officers in Toluca Lake just found an affluent couple...completely gutted.  So were the first two cops to arrive on scene.
Fine —— you want to stay here?
She wasn't part of the deal, Cox.
This is the personnel file on the programmer, Lindenmeyer. There might be something in it you can use.
What she's going to do is get in my way.
She's going to help you understand what makes Sid 6.7 tick.
If you can catch him.
Jesus Christ.  Can you kill it?
Name was Clyde Reilly. Hardware specialist.  LETAC surveillance cameras got a picture of the perp as he left the building.
I've seen worse.
These were taken inside LETAC an hour ago. Pretty pictures, aren't they?
It's too early in the morning for me to be cordial. You got any coffee?
Parker Barnes, I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane.
You're wasting your time. I'm not going to play any more of your goddam games.
Do me a favor —— keep sending them.
What about them?
You know those cheesy Christmas cards of your family under that tree in your back yard you keep sending me every year?
Don't give up, Parker. Not ever.
But with the six months off I get for being your guinea pig, I've only got to survive another 17 years, 5 months, and 23 days.
I'm getting by.
Before you, nobody else had gotten close enough to Sid 6.7 to take a shot at him. Hell, nobody else had even been able to start tracking him before he got to them first.  New scar —— you making it okay in there?
Real, my ass. It's an overblown game.  Anybody ever catch that fucking psycho?
You were supposed to act as if everything was real.
He was a computer program for crissake.
What the hell did you have to shoot the busboy for?
Donley started experiencing the attack for real. If I hadn't gotten you out, the same thing would have happened to you.  You may not believe this, Parker,
Why'd.. .you pull me out?
You all right?
Got it.
Give me 30 seconds, then flip every switch you can reach.
I don't set policy.  You have the key?
Why didn't anybody tell me?!
I need your help--
I think we both know who did.  What's so urgent?
There is no way Parker killed those guards. No way.
Captain, I'm afraid of how smart Sid 6.7 is.  But I'm even more afraid of what's he's becoming.
You think he's smart?
I'm not sure. My guess is that's what Sid wants us to think.
Don't blame yourself. In your shoes, I don't think I would have told Parker, either.  So do you think Grimes has become the dominant personality?
I should have told him.
In other words, we collectively don't know shit.
Until we know what new influences are affecting him, we can't be sure.
None. He could be hiding, he could be helping Sid, or could be in little pieces on Santa Monica beach.  Any idea what Sid's going to do next?
Any sign of Lindenmeyer?
... illegal search of Lindenmeyer' s duplex. Eleven civilian vehicles damaged or destroyed. Twenty—four citizen complaints. And the calls are just starting to come in...  I forgot what it's like to have you on the streets.
I understand the risks involved here. But there is nobody better qualified to go after Sid 6.7 than Barnes. And, there is nobody who knows him better than you. If a situation becomes volatile, you will find a way to quell it. I have complete confidence in you.
The man played judge, jury, and executioner with eight people's lives. He lost control and is capable of doing it again.
Not if you're with him every step of the way.
Letting a lunatic like Parker Barnes loose in the free world is like lighting a fuse. At some point, he will go off -- you saw what happened in the simulator. The risk to the public is unacceptably dangerous.
That's also where Mr. Barnes lost his arms to Mathew Grimes' booby— trap. What's your point, Dr. Carter?
You're going to put your theories to practice. I'm sending you into the field.
What's the assignment?
We have an emergency situation which requires somebody with expertise in criminal psychology. Under the authority vested in me by the President, I'm giving you temporary re—assignment.
Ms. Deane, you wanted to see me?
Don't forget, convict, if this psycho isn't stopped, you go right back to rotting in a prison cell.
Or what, you'll authorize my death a second time today?
This better not be a wild goose chase.
You're the highest law enforcement official in the country. Use the fucking army if you need to.
You know how much man power you're talking about?
Sid is smart enough to know you'd check everywhere in the immediate area. Whatever the device is, he's probably got it timed to move into position just before it detonates.  Have the demo teams check every subway tunnel, water pipe, gas pipe, and sewer pipe that goes under, over, or into the arena.
Demolition teams have searched everywhere in and around the hotel. I don't know where...
If I were you, I'd get every demolition team in the city searching in and around the Biltmore Hotel.
Enough to level an entire city block.
No, but I've confirmed the reelection rally is the target.  How much C-4 is missing?
It's already been called off. Witnesses confirmed you weren't the shooter.  Did you find out where the bomb is?
Call off the manhunt looking for me. I didn't kill the transport guards.
What did you find out?
Trying to find out where the bomb is. Where the hell have you been?
Barnes, where the hell have you been?!
How do you know I won't run?
If Sid 6.7 hasn't killed you, we throw you back in here and you serve out the rest of your sentence.
What happens if I can't catch him?
This is a full pardon. It authorizes your immediate release.
Not from in here.
Think you can do it?
Nobody else ever got anywhere near him. Nobody else... understands him like you do.
Only because I got pulled out early.
I watched your simulation, Mr. Barnes. Very impressive. You know, you're the only one to ever go up against Sid 6.7 who is still alive.
Neither will the public.  The media has caught wind of his pardon. Unless Mr. Barnes starts giving me some tangible results, I'm going to put him back in his cage.
It makes me nervous just seeing him in a uniform.  I will never forget the first time I saw the photos from the crime scene.
I was assured the problem was corrected.
Simulations are supposed to give participants practice in realistic, dangerous scenarios while protecting them from the risks they are exposed to in the real world.
Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system. If the simulator isn't calibrated properly, experiencing death in this level of VR is like experiencing death within a dream. The experience becomes real.
What the hell happened?
Don't remind me.
Barnes used to work for him when he was still a cop in the field, remember?
What did Cox pull him out early for?
As a matter of fact, I do.
He hears...everything.
How does he know who I am?
I understand... I understand perfectly.
You are to turn over the Sid 6.7 program, and all its documentation, for immediate destruction. Is that understood?
I'M WHAT?!
You've had a year—and—a—half to make all the adjustments you want, Lindenmeyer.  ) Elizabeth Deane does not give second chances. Neither do I. You're fired.
I'm still making adjustments...
Of the six prison inmates you've tested —— all of whom have had at least some military or survival training -— only Mr. Barnes is still breathing.
The reason you insisted on testing my system with prisoners is because of the increased risks involved with increased realism.
You embarrassed me in front of the highest—ranking law enforcement official in the country.  Do you have any idea how much money you just cost me?
What I need is a nymphomaniac.
You need a maid.
I know.  I'm ready to incubate something a little more advanced than a coldblooded reptile. If you want to experience the future, meet me in my office in 15 minutes. And bring the Sheila 3.2 character module with you...
Amazing. I hate to say it, but it is.
... and you get nano—death.  Don't worry, I've got a bunch of other ones.
Separate the character module from the neural net...
How do you kill it?
As far as the public is concerned, it is. The reason you got fired, and I got my second demo into production, is I'm a lot smarter than you. I never give my best stuff away.
This is supposed to be years away.
It's better than real. It's synthetic flesh. Synthetic blood. Synthetic organs...  It's a physiological machine.
It feels so.. .real.
Coordinated by polymer neural net.
It's nano—technology, isn't it? Machines the size of molecules...
Watching your VR people Auto Reset gave me the idea.
You're...such a wimp.
Get that fucking thing away from me!
Bastard...  Sheila, don't go anywhere. I'll be right back.
Do I get to see it or not?
I haven't been working on anything.
Show's over unless I get to see what you've been working on after hours.
HEY!!!
Then fix it.
If I don't adjust the level of neural information each side of his brain is receiving, he won't be able to walk when I take him out of VR.
Talk so I can understand.
He's developing a hemisphere imbalance.
Turn it down!
I wonder how that...
Show me his physical sensory level.
How should I know?
What's wrong with Parker?
I told you this would work.. By setting back the clocks, he has absolutely no idea he's in virtual reality. He still thinks he's in the real world.
Don't worry. Through me, you will live forever...
I'm begging you...please don't kill me! Please!
You made me a composite of 183 of the most vicious people who ever lived.  What do you think I'm doing?
Glad to...
Help me get out of here.
How can I ever thank—you for bringing me back to life a second time, Daryl?
Of course you are.
I am beautiful, aren't I?
What do you expect me to do, thank him?
SID —— NO!!!
I think I understand what you have in mind...
You catching my drift?
All my work is my finest.
She's some of your finest work, Daryl.
I had something a little different in mind.  Instead of just playing Peeping Tom with Reilly, why don't you get him to show you what he's been working on after hours?
What do you expect me to do, put your character module in my pocket and just walk you out of here?
Which God would that be, the one who created me, or the one who created you?  In your world, the Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away. But in my world, the one who gave me life doesn't have the balls to stop a couple of bureaucratic assholes from taking it away.
My God...
I couldn't just let them make you bring down my degree of difficulty. I'm a triple-twisting, double back flip off the high platform, not a swan dive.
You amped the neural connectors back up, didn't you?  You're the reason the convict died. You're the reason I got fired!
It was me, what?
It was you, wasn't it?
True genius is rarely rewarded within its lifetime.
All they want to produce around here is mediocrity!
Think hard -- it'll come to you...
Should I have?
Did you recognize the son-of-a bitch who got away?
Don't be angry with me, Daryl.
You won't want to watch. Turn around.
What do we do now?
Duck!
Then shoot him already.
I couldn't tell you.
How's your pulse?
Lindenmeyer never got over wanting to kill kids with more musical than he had...
Where the hell are you going?
I don't know.
Sid?
My guess is dead.
Lindenmeyer?
More or less.
...I think so...You?
You okay?
Because this pain—in—the—ass criminal psychology expert has helped me understand what I'm capable of. And what I'm not.  And better than anyone else, I am capable of stopping Sid 6.7.
That's why I'm asking.
You don't know?
You've already fulfilled the terms of your pardon. You stopped Sid 6.7 and you've got his module. You're free to go —— right now.  Why are you going to do this?
You mean there's something you haven't asked me?
Can I ask you something?
A bomb's going off tomorrow night, but I have no idea where.
Find out anything?
Thanks.
Nice work.
I'm not sure...on the bridge...the guy at the payphone...
See something?
That, or living through him...
Think he's keeping track of his creation?
If we find Sid, Lindenmeyer won't be far behind.
Part of him is.
Sid 6.7 isn't Grimes.
I told you before, Grimes liked to be obvious.
The rally's a little obvious as a target, don't you think?
I was wrong.  And I was wrong not to tell you Grimes was part of Sid. I should have told you. I won't make the same mistake again.
I pose an unacceptable danger to the public, remember?
You're not capable of it.
Sid 6.7 told me after he killed the two guards. He suggested I kill you rather than him.
How did you find out about the toxin?
You knew the entire time? Can you give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?
He didn't know about the neural toxin.  I did.
They're going to fry me for it, anyway.
We know you didn't kill those guards.
No! Grimes isn't back. He's only one part of Sid. Sid 6.7 is a hell of a lot worse than Grimes ever was.  Get a hold of yourself!
Grimes is back! He's back! He's come back!!!
If you're gonna do it, better do it now.
Parker -— stop! STOP! Don't make me shoot you——
Both.
Which way?
Authority still makes me nervous.
You could have just flashed him your badge, you know?
Real effective security...
You like baseball?
It's not just Sid 6.7's performances that are increasing. Stars need bigger and bigger audiences.  Whatever Sid is going to do next, it's going to involve media.
I don't know, yet. What we do know is his performances are increasing in scale, not decreasing.  Whatever it is, he isn't finished...
Start of what?
Whatever he was doing here was only the start.
I'm doing the best I can!
What's the problem?
Tell him.
This isn't a game, Parker!
You know I am.
Enjoying yourself?
Being on the street's a little different than sitting in an office all day, isn't it?
Nothing.
What did you do to those people?
This is my area of expertise.
What the hell's going on?!
Stop me.
Don't get out of the car.
Then why don't you start practicing and keep your mouth shut for a while?
I ruin so many moments by analyzing them when I should just be living them.
Relax. I know what you meant.
Dammit, I hate sounding so clinical all the time. All I meant to say was I thought you were doing well, but then I...
Don't worry about it, all right?
You know, considering you've only been out of prison for seven hours, you're re—adapting quite well.  Wait, I didn't mean that the way it sounded. I meant...
I forgot what real coffee tastes like...
Then all we can do is stay mobile and alert. He's got to make a move sometime, and we've got to be ready when he does.  Welcome to police work. You better like coffee.
What I do know is that whatever he's becoming, Sid 6.7 is going to be even worse than he was before.
Sounds to me like a well—educated way of saying you have no idea what to do next.
Now that he's in the real world, there are no longer limitations on his behavior like there were in virtual reality. Sid is going to evolve.
What does that mean?
Sid 6.7 is no longer bound by his programming.
You should practice lying more often. You're awful at it.  Where to?
I told you, it was on the way and I wanted to change clothes.
Want to tell me the real reason we stopped at your house?
Thank-you.  Her name is Karin.
She's beautiful, you know?
I prefer keeping my professional life separate from my personal life.
Why didn't you tell me you had a daughter?
How did you get your hand out?
Told you I wasn't going to go anywhere.
And I'm going to make sure of it.  Give me your wrist.
Give me a goddam break. I'm not going to go anywhere alone.
Give me your wrist.
In order to find him, we have to understand what makes him tick...
What we need to do is stop playing with computers and go catch the son—of-a-bitch before he kills anybody else.
Dahmer carried the head of one of his victims in a bowling bag for over a week. Kept it in his locker while he was at work in a candy factory.  We need to get a look at Sid 6.7's final profile.
Remember the bowling ball bag Sid carried with him in virtual reality?
As a matter of fact, it is.
This is getting you pumped up, isn't it? This is like the World Series to you.
But rather than selecting pieces from each individual, he simply let the stronger traits of each individual cannibalize the weaker ones.
Creating a whole far more dangerous than the sum of its parts.
Lindenmeyer put increasingly complex combinations of criminal psychological profiles together to develop the ultimate villain.
He's part of the mix. Sid 6.7 is a composite.
Hamlet.  What's David Berkowitz got to do with Sid 6.7?
Who said that?
For murder, though it have no tongue, will speak with most miraculous organ.
I am impressed.
... here on earth to create havoc and terror. I am War, I am death. I am destruction. David Berkowitz, 1977.
I am the demon from the bottomless pit...
Just like they figured there was no better person to catch one...
The government must have figured there was no better person to create a psycho than a psycho.
I've been in prison, remember?
Remember a few years ago when music schools were using a computerized teaching tool that accidently started frying kids' brains?
I'm still working on it.
I'm surprised you didn't write one about me.
Maybe after they catch him, you should write a book about him...
This Lindenmeyer's a real piece of work.
You've studied me, now I'm studying you. Seems only fair, don't you think?
Checking my pulse. It's elevated.  You enjoy frightening me, don't you?
What are you doing?
Do me one favor —— if you shoot at anything, make sure I'm nowhere near it.
You've got a problem with me carrying a gun?
Every music school in the country rejected him and he turned to computers.  Stay here.
What happened when he was 17?
He had a twin brother who was a musical child prodigy who died in an electrical accident at age eight. Lindenmeyer went into an emotional shell until was 17. All he did day and night was play the violin.
Learn anything from Lindenmeyer's file?
I know who would know.
I've spent over 50 hours interviewing him.  Charlie killed Leno and Rosemary LaBianca because of the ugly way the members of his family had butchered Sharon Tate. After seeing the blood bath on television, he wanted to show them how it should be done.  The question is, what does Charlie have to do with Sid 6.7?
Charlie? You say that like you're close, personal friends.
Whoever did this wanted to do Charlie one better —— to improve upon what was already done.
Manson didn't kill the first cops to arrive on the scene.
He was re—enacting Charles Manson's LaBianca murders.
Don't worry. If I can't handle it, I'll just kill everybody.
You ready for this?
Fine. Never felt better in my life.  See, I'm a good liar.
You all right?
Every time I said it, it was. I never really thought I was going to make it.
It wasn't a lie.
Every day for the last five years, I told myself someday I would be out here again. No more bars. No more guards. No more fights just to stay alive.  Every day for the last five years, I told myself that lie.
What you need is a collar.
I don't need a baby—sitter.
I don't have to do anything except survive. And it's taking everything I've got just to do that.
I need to know what snapped in you. What made you capable of it. You have to make me understand.
Enough!
It was just like before, wasn't it? Wasn't it?  But you are making progress. Instead of killing seven people to get the one you're after, this time there was only one other person involved.
Go to hell.
You didn't see the expression you had on your face when you pulled the trigger. But I did.  You kind of liked it, didn't you? That thrill of going over the edge again. Of taking out an innocent bystander or two, as long as you got the target...
Not much. He was just a computer program. Nothing more.
What was going through your mind when you killed the busboy?
If I had died yesterday, you'd have already dissected my brain and analyzed it to see if I carry any genetic predisposition toward violence.
That's not true, Parker.
You're not my therapist. You're hear to study me. Face it —— I'm nothing more than a lab rat to you.
I know. I was there. I saw the whole thing.  If I was your therapist, I would have advised you against putting yourself back into that kind of situation.
John died.
In other words, par for the course.  How do you feel about the simulation you participated in yesterday?
A little less than yesterday.
No, I just like the effect a tape recorder has on you.  How you feeling today?
You actually listen to all those tapes?
BARNES, YOU'RE DEAD!
Now, is that any way to talk to an old friend?
I really did think I was still in reality. At least, until now.  Beam me up, Scotty!
What are you talking about?
Thank-you, Daryl.  You had me going for quite a while there, sport.
I've got some final preparations to take care of—— Checking his watch, he stops suddenly.
Aren't you going to watch with me?
Let's just say I'm sending a very clear message to his Re—Election Rally...
You are going after Mayor Bennett.
There you go —— best seat in the house.
I thought you liked me being in the audience. Don't you want me to see it?
It's really too bad you have to miss the Grand Finale.
My...secret.
You can't die until you tell me where the C-4 is. Where is it?!
Where did you plant the C-4?!
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here... or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
What C-4...was Cox talking about?
Where did you plant the C-4?!
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here...or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
What C-4...was Cox talking about?
Why's that?
I wouldn't pull the trigger if I were you——
You really are pathetic, you know that? Mathew Grimes is only one letter in my alphabet. He is nothing compared to me.
DEAD! YOU HEAR ME?
I'm sorry, the party you're trying to reach is not answering. Is there anyone else you would like to talk to?
GRIMES, YOU'RE DEAD!
Now, is that any way to talk to an old buddy? I mean, just because I'm carrying around the joy of killing your family inside me doesn't mean we can't be friends.
You...mother...fucker! I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!!!
Who else do you know who touches the world with synthetic hands?
You and me have nothing in common.
I must make them very nervous if they let you out of prison.  You know, we have so much in common —— we have such history together ——I've been thinking we should become friends.
The only thing I want to hear is your silence.
The symphony of collision...
Performing solo.  Enjoying the concert so far?
Where's John?
At this stage, you either get form or function. You said she wanted function. I gave you function. What are you complaining about?
Do they have to look so...robotic?
Mr. Wallace, I could have 10 of them ready by tomorrow.
As long as they keep overpaying me, I'll keep overpaying you.  ) Just make goddam sure you can have 10 of them ready for deployment around the city by next month.
As long as you keep overpaying me, I'll be the first to go into production on three, and four, as well.
To the first LETAC engineer to go into production on prototypes.
