A body.  I mean we're talking major body
What's that?
But he still has something Mark hasn't.
But?
So why are you dating Jonathan?
Yeah 
Yeah, yeah, OK
Doctor? Lawyer? CHINA Lawyer, Doctor, I don't care.
Businessman!
Businessman?
Yes, I'm sure.  What I need is an older man, something with class, a  little style. Someone who knows how to treat a lady.
He did?
Oh I don't give a shit the guy's a slob.  He doesn't even know how to spell  `lady' let alone treat me like one.  You know the last time we went out he  actually made me pay for a drink?
He still likes you
With Mark?
I saw the greatest movie with mark last night
China.  What happened? CHINA Shhh.  It's ok.  I missed you so much.
Oh Mark.  It's ok.  It's ok.
Ok toots, I will.
Well if you're in such a rush darling, why don't you lead the way?
Suffer?  We're living in America.
Yeah well why should I suffer for that?
I'm sorry I'm not that good at languages ok?
A little what? CHINA See.  You don't even speak French.
Right. CHINA I need a taking care of,  not `hey how bout a pizza after class babe'.  I'm looking  for something just a little more in a man.  A little `je nes se qua'.
Us is over.  You had your chance you blew it.
About what?  About us.
We need to talk. CHINA Yeah about what?
It's eleven forty-five let's go
Anybody want another drink?
Just give it a break China ok? CHINA Jeez.  Can't even take a joke
Well that's for me to know - but I did enjoy rubbing oil all over that big.
Are you sure you wouldn't like a closer look?
Yes, I guess you're right
It's all rather morbid though isn't it?
Would you like a closer look?
Hmm.
Yes, it's always been one of my favorites too.
Hi
Weird and tiny huh?
Too late for that sir.  Give my love to the misses.  Get those bastards!
Jenkins.  Can I get you some help?
Good evening sir.
Jenkins!
We're all here, and ready sir!
Have a nice day  sir
Uh, not today Jenkins, I need the fresh air
Will you be wanting your wheels today sir?
Allow me sir
Thank you
And uh, your nicotine sir
Thank you
And your coff - excuse me, caffeine sir
Thank you Jenkins
Your books Master Loftmore
You don't happen to have the address do ya?
Can I give her a message?
A party at a waxwork huh?
She went to a waxwork party
No?
No Jonathan.
Hello, Mrs. Webster.  Is China there?
Hello?
Vell.  Goodnight.
Tony and China?
They seemed, closing by much 
Two of your friends left earlier MARK Uh huh.
Uh yes, thank you.  It was quite enjoyable.
I hope you enjoyed your visit.
Uh, wrong picture Tony.
Velcome to ve Vaxverk.
Go away.
Sarah listen to me.
China
Well, it all started when a friend and I
Well.   .this, is Mr. Lincoln.  And that's the man I saw at the waxwork.
Well?
Who's is all this?
If my mother caught me up here she'd kill me.
Big deal!
You don't understand.  I recognized his face now come on.
Oh that explains everything.
Listen Sarah, I think I know what's going on ok.  I went to the waxwork today.I met this man.
You aren't sick! We've got to get back.  What are you doing!
A little?
Ok, so maybe I was a little over emotional.
That's not what you said last night.
No, no James, it's not like that.  Tony and China, they're just friends.
No I'm serious.  It's. it's just I don't know I. I'm looking for something else.
Come on.
I don't know.  I really like you and I think you're very attractive.
No Mark. MARK Why not?
I know what you mean.
Like her?  I don't know if I ever liked her.  It's just you want what you can't get.
Then why do you still like her?
I'm not kidding.  I want to get out of here - now, ok.
Wooo.  Jealously rearing its ugly head.
What?  Tony and China, together?
Getting scared?  Don't worry, they've probably just gone home.
I've always wondered why someone would believe in something like that.
Haven't we been doing our homework.
This. is killer.
Must be what we came for. The four stand slowly and enter through the doors, which close behind them.  They begin walking around  the WAXWORKS, which appear gruesome. The first they spy is of a high school student with a letter  jacket on the verge of being hacked with an axe by and angry woodsman.  They give each other looks of  disgust and continue on.  The next is of a Frankenstein-esque creature carrying a woman in its arms.  The  four are now roaming around the WAXWORKS individually, with TONY encountering what appears to be  a tribal INDIAN pointing a knife towards a victim.  MARK walks past a circus cart with some sort of werebeast inside, and then continues on to a staircase exhibit with a dead woman at the base of it.  On the  staircase is a zombie-fied creature.  We see CHINA walking on the other side of a bandage wrapped man  pumping gasoline into a woman's mouth.  Finally, we see TONY walking up to a cottage room display.
This time I really don't see anyone man.
Right behind you.
Anyone else not coming?
Right.
Safety in numbers man.
Guys, if I'm going to play the hero at least give me a little room.
Forget her Mark, she's a bitch
I can't believe she went out with that monster last night
Maybe before the event, never after.
Can this be stopped?
Doing what? SIR WILFRED Tipping the scales.  Ruining that delicate balance between good and evil.  I think  that our Mr. Lincoln has found a very effective way of doing it.  There's a  voodoo belief that by making a wax effigy of an evil being, containing a  belonging of his he possessed in earthly form, and feeding him the soul of a  believing victim, you can bring him back to life!
You get yourself a regular job, as Satan's disciple.
Any student of Black Magic can do it.   .most of these books will tell you how! SARAH So what happens when you've sold out?
Sell my soul?
If you sold your soul to the devil, you'd never age either
Six six and six
Well divide 18 into three
Well?
Well, it's a long story.SIR WILFRED Oh good share.  I love them
So Mark, what's so urgent?
No thank you sir we're fine.
Hi there Sarah
Sir Wilfred, this is Sarah Brighton.  This is Sir Wilfred.
I'll think about it.  Now run along darling.
But mom, I NEED THE CAFFINE - BADLY
When - you're a big boy.  I mean you know it's bad for you
Mom, when are you going to let me have some coffee in the morning?
Don't be facetious darling. Now drink your milk, you're late for college
Oh really?  We're they `us'es' or `them's'?
Servants.  Oh isn't it terrible darling, two more people have disappeared
They're all human beings
One has to keep the distance between `them' and `us'
Mom.
Darling?  I hear you were having drinks with the butler the other night.  Now  you know that sort of thing leads to anarchy.
Never fear, Tony is here.  Ladies first.
Looks a little spooky boys, you think we should do this?
YES!
Come on Mark MARK Ah hell, why not.  I'll get the maid to write the essays
You bet.  We all can't be such modern people 
You guys are being real assholes
Save it for the powder room babe, this man is in pain
Oh! The virgin has spoken! SARAH Stop it!
Stop saying things so loud!
