Don't mention it - now can I get back to my accounts, or do you want to fillet me?
Sounds good - thank you
Why don't you take a few weeks off - you're due some holiday time.
I thought someone was following me - I - er -  I just needed my computer and some things...Listen, I'd like to work from home for a few weeks - is that OK?
Well I'm glad I'm not them - what are you doing here so late? Come to that, what the hell have you got that for?
I thought you were someone else
A person could get killed round here just for working late
I'm sorry - I didn't think
OH MY GAWD!
Then it's going to be 'I killed for sex'... Listen darling, why won't you let us use your real name for the features - if people knew that it was the ELLEN CARTER writing the features and not just some pseudonym - then we might shift more units. You haven't written anything in four years darling - I know you need this job - and if circulation keeps dropping, there's not going to be a magazine for you to write for...
I heard something like that
You know that circulation is down for three months in a row.
That's not technically accurate - SIMPSONS murders weren't sexually motivated.
As long as you get the HACKSAW piece done by FRIDAY... FRIDAY?
I've got a tenant coming over later - can I take the afternoon off?
Don't give me shit - what do you want?
The one on the left - definitely...
Which do you think is her best shot...
Yes - I have had it for years.
This must be one of the old keys -
I'm terribly sorry - I have a bad memory...
I wasn't a manager here then MRS STECKLER - don't you remember?
Oh really - you must remember me from when I was a regular customer.
I shouldn't say this - but you really remind me of someone I know
No - I've been abroad for a long time...
Hello MRS STECKLER - we haven't seen you for a long time
I know what you mean - I'll meet you at VINNIES WINE BAR at six if you like. And don't make any plans for this evening...
No - not all the time - I mean
All the time?
No -it's no problem - I do it all the time
Yes, I'm sure you could - but I can't risk you loosing your job
I didn't say that - I'm sure it could be, but our clients must sign in first, checking signatures, and a photo ident - we had a nasty theft two years ago and we've been very strict since then.
And it can't be forged?
That's right...
So there is only one key...
Then we would have to call in our locksmith to break the lock
Tell me BRIAN, what would happen if the client lost the key?
Yes it is...
Its cramped in here isn't it BRIAN
But - If you could show me round now - and I'll meet you later?
BRIAN...
That's very kind of you MR GRIFFITHS...?
Well, if you could come sometime just before we close, then I could show you everything and  then we could go for a drink to discuss the finer points...
When could I look round?
Yes - it's about bank safety deposit boxes - I wonder if you might just explain how they work - and maybe even show me round.
CHIC MAGAZINE?
You see, I am writing this article for CHIC MAGAZINE
No - I'll have you after
Don't you want me now LESLIE
It's what you would do to me
I loved you ELLEN - why did you do this?
You killed my friend!
I don't want either of us to come to any harm - please...
WAIT FOR WHAT!?
Nothing LESLIE - I just think we should wait...
whats wrong...what have I done wrong?
CRAP! - I wish I had taken a photo of your face when I gave some to that DETECTIVE - What's wrong ELLEN - you look pale - maybe you have been eating the wrong kind of foods lately - it could be food poisoning?
I haven't been using it recently LESLIE
Why whats wrong with the sugar -
It's not that - I just don't want any sugar
There isn't that much - you didn't even taste it - What's wrong - don't you like my tea?
I don't like sugar
What was I supposed to do?
Why did you let him in?
He doesn't need to...
First finish your tea...
No thanks - 
ELLEN, would you like a cup - there's plenty in the pot
Yes - I suppose so...
LESLIE?  Is that good enough?
I am sorry...
I thought we had a relationship built on trust - and you just slap me in the face...
LESLIE I'm sorry - I - I didn't know what to think
We've got nothing to talk about
Out - I may be some time
Where are you going?
But for how long - what will set you off again? You'll be walking down the street and some girl will be wearing a white hat - and that will be it - back on the merry go round...
But ELLEN, I told you I have stopped...
You want me to wear white for you? You must be madder than I thought...
Yes...
Open it...
What is it?
I am ashamed of what I have done ELLEN. When I read what you had written it made me think - look into myself - I haven't dared look into myself for a long time - I have stopped ELLEN, I can't carry on - I won't carry on. All I want is to start a new life - I want a second chance...You are good to me - you don't condescend, you're intelligent, and very beautiful...
What's wrong?
Nothing could be better...
What's wrong?
Demons... This wouldn't have been possible without you... You have given me incentive ELLEN - I can see clearer now...
Psychiatrists would say that you are confronting your demons
I know this sounds insane ELLEN, but... Telling you all of this, writing the book... It feels good. Don't get me wrong - I feel like a weight is being lifted from my shoulders... When I tell you what I have done - I can't believe it is me...Yet I know it was. This is like a purging for me...
What?
Then make it stop...
I want it to stop - it all to stop...
It was wrong - all my life I have been cheated - cheated of anything good - I shouldn't have been born - I was a mistake - my natural mother was a whore - that makes me...
What was your relationship with STEPHANIE?
STEPHANIE loved me - she got some insurance money and took legal custody of me - she was just old enough. We had a ball for years - we could do anything, anywhere, anyhow...And we did...We would play games - she would be the executioner and I would be the convict - She would strap me into the arm chair and pretend to electrocute me...
Did STEPHANIE kill your MOTHER?
My sister - My ADOPTED SISTER -
STEPHANIE?
No...I didn't do it...I wish I had but I didn't. I was beaten to it. STEPHANIE became my mother.
Did you?
You think I killed my MOTHER don't you?
Tell me about your adopted MOTHER
My mother...?  I never knew my real MOTHER - I was adopted
Wonderful - like a great release - He was a malignant cancer and I had to remove him - the world is better without him
And how did it feel to be rid of him
Why not? Please - it would help me
Why should I?
Tell me how it happened...
That's right...Don't ever think that you and I are the same - we're not even remotely similar. I did what I had to do for myself, for my own self preservation - not to live out some bizarre role playing fantasy. My husband was sick -
You've killed but you're not a killer
I don't think so...This isn't a game you know...There aren't points or leagues. Sure I killed my husband - but I am no killer.
You are the first person I have ever told any of this to. We are birds of a feather ELLEN...we're in the same league
I hated being treated like a failure - looked down on - my sister used to do that - I hated it - I should have known, when we got married - in a registry office of course - she wore maroon - I just wanted a white wedding  I think she thought I was a ticket to the good life. I had a good job, prospects. And she was a slut - I didn't know until too late. One day, I came
What didn't you like about her?
It seemed like a good idea at the time - why did you marry your husband.
then why did you marry her -
My wife  My wife was the only one who really deserved it.  LESLIE do this. LESLIE do that. LESLIE it's your fault... She used to tell me what to wear, where to go, what to do - she mothered me...
Tell me about your wife...
I have something I have to show you...
How long have you been watching me?
Why should I feel sorry - they're dead.
Do you feel sorry for the girls you have killed
Let me ask you, why do you wear black ELLEN CARTER? What are you running from?
Is white an expression of innocence? Do you crave innocence LESLIE?
I don't know...
Is 'their' colour an expression of their inner self? By that I mean, extroverts wear bright colours - so what are people who wear white?
I don't know...
OK, the press call you the WHITE ANGLE because you only kill girls wearing white - why white - white clothes, blonde hair...
I don't want to talk about it -
The press think that the WHITE ANGEL is a woman - why is that? Do you dress up LESLIE?
You know everyone accuses me of being sick - the press, the TV - but I'm not you know - they are - I don't watch it for entertainment every night - I don't sit and watch it whilst eating my dinner - they all say, how could he cut her up? She was dead - I can't hurt something dead - And all this whilst they slobber down their processed beef burgers by the dozen - I couldn't eat one of those burgers, you don't know what has gone in them! 
What did you do with her?
No she didn't...
Didn't DEBBIE deserve anymore?
Because a dog will attack with a ferocity and force that we poses, but centuries of social contamination has run it out of us - that is what sets us aside from the purity of the beasts...Society is rotting - men who once were strong and kept everything working are getting soft - women are making them soft - by the time a pretty girl has reached twenty - she has had three lifetimes worth of fun and attention- so she doesn't deserve any more -
I don't know
my car  I stopped working from my car.  She could have stopped me you know - If she really wanted too. That is the difference between the confusion of humanity and the purity of the beast - If a dog attacked you - you could easily kill it without any damage to yourself - Why then do people get bitten by dogs - savaged? Why?
Oh anywhere - whenever I needed to - Do you know how easy it is to take them? You just pick up a hiker, or someone off the streets - they believe so easily you know, 'Look, I have something to show you' I would say - and that would be it. One girl, I think her name is Debbie - she had broken down on the motorway, and I offered to take her to a service station to call for a tow truck - She just got in and I drove away. When I pulled into the layby and took out my knife - she just froze, and said - what do you want? - I said, You know what I want. - But she didn't. Getting rid of the bodies is just as easy - the first I cut up, put in bags with bricks in, and tossed them off Eldridge Bridge in broad daylight.  The real problem with my work is the blood - there is so much of it - and it all spurts out so fast - like a fountain. It made such a mess of
Where do you kill them...
No - the police say I've killed fourteen - but I've not - I've killed many more. It amazes me how they just haven't found the bodies. What is society coming to when people just don't get missed. I agree, some of them are well hidden - I probably couldn't even show you where I put them - one girl, number eight I think the press called it - she wasn't even mine - I don't know who did it but I didn't
You don't know?
I don't know
And how many people have you killed?
Oh, about six years since I graduated
And how long have you been a dentist?
I'm a dentist
So what do you do?
Yes, one and a half please.
Sugar?
I think I will pass...
If you want any - there's some left in the kitchen
Don't worry - Is that my hammer  Well Just make sure that it's put back in the garage...
Yes - I'm sorry ELLEN...
My names isn't ANGELA...
It says in the contract I can have a lock fitted - is there a problem ANGELA?
What's with all the locks - and hammering
I'm sorry?
What are you doing?
Yes, two please. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to pry, it's just that I really loved your book
Do you take sugar?
The touch?
I lost the touch
Tell me - ELLEN CARTER  Forgive me for being so pushy, but aren't you a novelist? Didn't you write that terrific book - 'The Color of Fear'?
Sure...
Oh - Tell me ELLEN, I can call you ELLEN?
I really don't know what to say
It doesn't mention 'females only'
He saved my life you know - has he told you...
No he had to - he's just - he's out...
Is LESLIE here?
I had an accident - I fell down stairs...
What happened?
I'm your landlady
Leave!? Who the hell do you think you are?
I want you out now
Yes I can...
You don't own him you know - you can't tell me not to see him!
You heard me - keep away from him
What?
I would prefer it if you kept away from LESLIE
What's wrong with you?
I think he's fine - I don't know why you have this thing about men - it would be nice to have a guy in the house for a change - I don't think he would hurt a fly.
Yes - but you live here too - If it were your house?
I don't know - it's your house ELLEN
Well, what do you think?
At 2.00...
I'm sorry, I couldn't - when is she due?
I think you had better leave
I'd watch her mate - she has thing for men - they disappear near her.
Get out...
As it happens, I was at home alone - maybe we could solve each others problems?
At home alone - where were you?
It did give me a chance to meet you again ELLEN - It's all routine you understand...So where were you?
You think I'm the WHITE ANGEL?
I'm here about the so called disappearance of your husband - It's best if we let old bones lie. Know what I mean?  I'm working on the WHITE ANGEL case now - and I've got to check all known murderers or suspected murderers for the last five years... And that means you...So where were you last THURSDAY afternoon around five...
What brings the rats out of the sewers?
So have you seen hubby recently ELLEN?
What's this all about?
It's been what, three years?
Yes - of course.
Good - I've got to dash -  Say that I said hello to ELLEN for me would you...
Yes, that would be nice - I'll call round some time...
I'd really like it if you would come round some time - Then I could cook you a meal - what do you say...
That's good
Yes, come on in...
I'm good - I was just making a delivery near here, so I thought I would see if you were about...
I thought it was you - how are you?
Oh...
Her husband left her
And not just any novelist - a great novelist - it was an impressive piece of work ELLEN...
You're a novelist - why didn't you tell me?
Don't worry about it -
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to shout...
No worries
Just put it in my room
No - a dentist
Surgery? Are you a doctor?
I'm really very sorry - I was banking on this coming through, because it's only five minutes from my surgery...
Yes, sorry - He's here to make sure that you are alright
ANGEL...
Yes - one please.
Sugar?
Who said anything about surgery...It'll only take a moment.
I shouldn't really - I'm not your surgeon...
I'll be sure to...
Oh no sir - just making some enquiries...Just tell her that INSPECTOR TAYLOR called on you - she'll understand
No - she isn't in any trouble is she?
So she didn't mention anything more about it?
Or was it, she wished he was dead - that's it - I believe he left the country with another woman - all rather sordid.
Dead?
INSPECTOR DAVE TAYLOR - Scotland yard ...Can I have a word?
Yes...?
Dr STECKLER?
