Except the girl. The only one that really mattered.
You got everything you ever wanted.
Next time, make sure you put a barf bag in the centerfold.
We wanted to challenge the notions of classic beauty. We wanted to showcase women throughout the world.
Holy stinkers, what were you thinking?
Brilliant!  Molly, give me all you've got.  For Merk.
Get them together.
I love those springy head puppies!
And while you're at it, I'll take ten dozen of those puppies with the springy heads.
No, leave one. Somebody's grandmother might want one.
Hell yes, all hundred and seventeen of 'em!
Chicks are like buses. If you miss one, don't sweat it. There's another coming 'round the corner.
I thought I loved her.
With a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip.
I feel like I've just been hit by a Mack truck.
It better not be my Aunt Trudy.
You'll never believe who's in there.
Sorry. Ginger got a little, you know, enthusiastic.
You're late, bro!
Yeah, he's probably been serving cocktails, SO TO SPEAK, at the orgies.
A couple of boys fighting over a pair of red silk panties is nothing compared to what he's seen.
Give me those!
I'd call you a sick, twisted fuck. But this is different.  She wasn't your mother mother--
How would you like it if I did that to your mother's panties?
Take a whiff of heaven.
Oh, how inappropriate is that!
...where they get all the really good porno channels on cable.
I feel like I'm entering a forbidden tomb...
I'd feel like staying up all night! Forever! Or at least till I got the LAY of the land, SO TO SPEAK.
It's a lot to digest. Imagine how you'd feel.
Don't be such a pansy. All of this is YOURS.
And some really fast cars.
Then there must be a whole room, made completely of chocolate.
Our plane crashed. In the Grand Canyon. A big fiery explosion. We never made it to L.A. They needed dental records to identify us. And this place. This. Actually. Is. Heaven.
Dead?
I get it now. You and me. We're dead.
Beauty? No. We're talking GODDESS.
Don't tell me.  Another vision of incomparable beauty?
Check it out!
What is it now?
Hurry.
I better go, Dad.
Check this out.  Hurry!
Yeah, whatever.
So far away? In Xenia?
I'd kiss your mother with this mouth. I mean, if she wasn't, you know...
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
Not ever. Never.
Oh. Well. Maybe not yet.
This isn't some 80's porno film, you dip shit. There are no wild sex orgies.
I wonder how many of them will be at the orgy tonight?
Be cool. Fake it if you have to.
This is like my every wet dream come true.  I don't even care that you're here, too, bro.
Perv.
I can't believe that's your mother. We're talking babe-a-licious chub fest, right here in the 501's.
And like every hamburger guy knows, when you get your one big chance at the good life, you abuse every second of it until they figure out you don't belong there and kick your sorry ass out.
Wait a second, I thought we were hamburger guys.
Don't you know anything about limo etiquette? Everything in here is included for our pleasure.
For a guy about to try his first Dom Perignon, you are extremely uptight.
Cut it out, before you break something!
This is the life, baby. We get ourselves some tail and we're talking SPRING BREAK!
Maybe he got promoted.
...A bouncer? Are you serious?
Well, Dad said...
Who the hell was your father?
Astronomical.
What are the odds of there being ANOTHER Ted Nelson on our flight?
And nobody knows you're a virgin!  Aw, who are we kidding...
Nobody knows about your constant masturbation.
Nobody knows you barfed during junior high school graduation.
Nobody knows about your mental retardation.
Seriously, it's like we're being reborn. We really could reinvent ourselves here, just like you said. Nobody knows about your massive humiliation.
Poor Freud, turning in his grave.
Think about it...Long tunnel, bright lights, it's full of vaginal symbolism.
Any time, any day, a man can completely reinvent himself.
Don't do it, Ted. Don't do it.
I defy any and all limits.
That's crazy talk.
I defy your hamburger theory of life, and all of the unfulfilled hopes and dreams it represents.
You have a better chance of being hit by a Mack truck with a refrigerated cargo bed full of sirloin tip.
Someday, I'll find out.
One thing for sure, Christy Malone ain't lookin THAT good naked.
Were you always this sick?
The only chick more untouchable than Christy Malone is Miss April.  "Hi, my name's Ginger. I love tofu burgers, rainy nights, and riding bareback.  My biggest turn-off is cell phones during sex." Here's a tip:  set it on VIBRATE, honey, and don't be stingy with the lube.  Don't knock it till you tried it.
She smiles at everyone, Ted.  She's like a newborn with gas.
See? Did you see that?
That vibe is from your wrist, pal. You've been over-tenderizing your meat, again.
I genuinely think she wants me. I feel a vibe.
That's Charlie.  My best friend. He's into beef analogies, partly because he's a butcher's son, and partly because, well, he's just into beef analogies. What can I say? He's also a photographer...
Don't get me wrong. We can salivate over all the Christy Malones of our lives. Wishing we could devour them like melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon. But we're strictly hamburger guys. Ground chuck, sixty eight percent lean, is about the best we can hope for.
You and your pep talks.
Come on, bro. Spare yourself the humiliation, the degradation...
God, I love being dead.
We don't generally feature blow-up dolls in our magazine. But hey, if you think there's a market for it.
These are real, live women?
If it isn't straight by now, son, you probably should see a doctor.
Let me get this straight...
Every one of these women thinks she should be the next Angel of the Month. It's your job, Ted, to decide which of them is right.
Oh, god.  Look. Look.
Never say never.
This is a fun place...but we don't usually come here until after the orgies.
Naked girls, wild sex, video games. No wonder it's called "Heaven."
He kicked major ass and you know it.
Not bad for a hack. He has a future in yellow journalism.
Jealousy is so unattractive.
That explains the emptiness that haunts me.
You've obviously never had your dogs nestled in thousand dollar Italian loafers.
New Hushpuppies don't make a new man.
We reinvented ourselves.
What gives, Don Corleone?
Then you better get in the water, before you get burned.
God, you are so hot.
Maybe on the outside. But inside, deep down, I've always been dripping with special sauces.  Are you hungry?
Come on, I was hamburger. You were porterhouse.
I was always too shy to admit how much I liked you.
Oh, Teddy Bear, you're funny.
You expect me to think at a time like this? There isn't a drop of blood in my brain.
I mean, what do you think?
You have changed since second grade.
Well?
Things change. Now I'm taking off my clothes...all by myself.
I miss those days, when schoolyard sexual harassment was without consequence.
Remember dress up day?  You and Charlie lifting skirts during recess.
That was code for "I like you."
Which you pulled, hard!
I remember the first time you walked into Mrs. Temple's class in 2nd grade. Blue gingham dress. Blond ponytail.
You know...take the pictures?
Do it?
I have to admit, I am so totally turned on. We should do it. Now.
I do? I mean, yeah, I do.
I thought I'd be nervous, but you sure know how to make a girl feel relaxed, Teddy Bear.
I turned eighteen over spring break. I'm eligible.
Christy?  You want to be in "Heaven?"
Hi, Teddy Bear.
Makes your shoulders look so big and broad.
Yeah? You like?
Great jacket, Teddy Bear.
The answer is NEVER, Ted, NEVER. Except maybe in your dreams.
So that's a maybe?
You really don't get it, do you? I am genetically programmed to desire a big, buff, manly man who can defend and provide for me and my yet to be conceived offspring! It's, like, a caveman thing!
So you'll think about it?
Oh, Ted, DUH.  I smile at everyone since I got my braces off.
But that smile.
I don't LIKE you. We're JUST FRIENDS.
You like me. I like you. I guess it's pretty obvious to everyone.
Ted, have you lost your mind?
SHUT UP!  Are you serious? Of course I will...of course.
Teddy? Would you please please please take me to the prom?
If you don't have...I mean...
Yeah?
And I was wondering.
Yeah?
Well. The prom's coming up.
Ladies first.  I insist.
You go first.
From your lips, to God's ears.
Wouldn't it be awesome if we were about to say the exact same thing?
We want you to go to college, find a career you love, marry a nice girl from a nice family, and live happily ever after.
We think you should give up the magazine. Sell it. Let someone else run it. Whatever it takes.
We miss our family.
We miss you. We miss our son.
We're not ashamed of you, Teddy. We don't approve of the magazine or the models or the so-called "flesh parties" you attend. But we can get past all that.
Don't you see how your self involvement and lack of humility are affecting the whole family?
But that doesn't make you the boss of everything, son.
You have to understand. This was a big shock, for all of us. One minute you're our little boy, of whom we could not be more proud. The next minute you're the owner of this whole pornographic empire.
We love our lives just the way they are.
We wanted you and Jimmy to have it someday. Something real and honest.
Ted, we put a lot of love in our business.
Oh, honey. We can't accept this extravagance.
I always wanted Craftsman tools. He even got me the limited edition Buckeye colors.
Sweetheart, what is it?
Of course, dumpling. Its very nice of Ted but...
We can't accept it.  It's much too expensive. Right, dear?
We own a small family grocery store.
We have a truckload of strawberries arriving on Tuesday morning.
I will not have my boys arguing.
Shut your pie hole, Jimmy.
Why don't you just admit what this is really all about? I'm not your real kid and you can't control me anymore.
Watch your tone, mister.
THAT is your dream, not mine. My dream is so far beyond anything YOU PEOPLE could even imagine.
You ordered a Winnebago?
I paid off the mortgage! I ordered that Winnebago you always wanted! Now you're ashamed of me?
Your mom said you've been ignoring your chores.
It's okay. You need me?
Sorry I--
Consider me your fairy godfather, except without the fairy part. No more mealy apples and bruised bananas, ever, for the rest of your lives.
But those are our dreams, son. We have to make them come true.
We're grateful, Ted. It's not that. Those Craftsman tools...they're a dream come true.
Finally, some gratitude.
Well, good. Every little bit helps.
Dad, let's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore. Including the bookstore.
I know they were simple people, but did this trip help your college fund at all?
Just say it, Dad.
Ted, it's your dad.  I have a question for you.  I don't know how to put it tactfully. You know I'm lousy with words.
...not the pit.
There ya go. Always remember, focus on the peach...
I guess it's better than having tribal patterns carved in my face.
Whatever helps you cope.
Like one of those "National Geographic" specials with the topless chicks?
Think of it as a rite of passage to manhood.
I guess we could go to Disneyland or something.
Be a sport. How bad could spring break in Los Angeles be?
Yeah.
They did do one great thing. They gave us our boy.
I guess.
They had a rough life. Your father was a bouncer. Your mother was, well, a two-bit stripper. There was no place for a baby.
Well, why should I?
Son.
They didn't want me when I was born. Why should I care...
Of course we are.
You guys are my parents.
I'm getting so good at this.
Sometimes you have to do stuff you don't want to do. It's all part of growing up. And it usually works out peachy in the end.
The lesson being?
It was the year of the rhizopus rot. Grandpa almost lost the farm. You sacrificed your dream to go to the prize hog festival. And in the end you saved the peaches and you didn't have to slaughter your sow.
You're way ahead of me again?
Remember how you struggled through that whole facts of life talk and then found out I knew more than you?
Grandpa was so strong back then. Working from the crack of dawn. So proud of his peaches.
Dad, please.
I remember spring break of my senior year.  Seems like a lifetime ago.
It's my private business! Mine!
We understand your disappointment, Teddy. Christy is a pretty, sexy, provocative, voluptuous...  We...uh...we understand your disappointment.
I guess...I don't know...I guess we should leave if we're not wanted.
Well?
Hang in there, I'll think of something.
This is humiliating. We're being ejected from a prom!
What do you want me to do?
Ted! Do something!
Of course we were.
Teddy, I thought we were having a moment here.
Whatever you want.
After graduation...maybe we could go away together?
Hmmm?
Teddy? I was thinking.
Then remember, you are the heir to a billion dollar empire. You have a staff of literally thousands. Multiply everything you ever imagined by a million and you still can't even wrap your head around everything that is yours. ALL YOURS.
I always knew there was more. I felt it.
Or do you have a taste for the good life, Ted? It's in your blood.
And who IS Ted Nelson?
What do you mean? I'm Ted Nelson.
Who exactly ARE you?
Hi ho, Silver.
Don't worry.  He found the chocolate room.
Shopping, really? I should tell my friend.
Hey, Ted. Wanna go shopping?
I almost didn't recognize you without...you know...that stallion between...your...uh...legs.
That's me.
The one with the horses.
I know.  I'm Ginger. Miss April.
I'm Ted, by the way. I think I forgot to say that.
Your father liked shifting. He said it brought him closer to the engine. "Like a woman, purring with ecstasy."
Some of them have to be automatics.
It's your car. These are all your cars.
I don't even know if I should be doing this. It's a very expensive car.
The first time can be awkward. You just have to get on and try again.
Got it.
Now release the brake. And slide the stick into first gear.
Want a lesson?
I don't have much experience with a...uh...stick.
You do know how to drive?
They're in the ignition, silly.
I-I don't have the keys.
Everything.
So here we are. Dead. But we never want you to want for anything. That is, we want you to have everything.
Before we knew it, we created the most popular men's magazine in the entire nation. The rest is history.
Can you believe that was me?
We had no idea the nudie magazine we started in the garage would turn into all this.
But we did want you. It's just that you don't always get to keep what you want. We knew you needed a real mom and dad.
If you're anything like yours truly, then you probably figure we didn't want you when you were born, so who cares if we're dead? Am I right?
But don't worry...we'll be in heaven. The REAL heaven, I mean. Not that heaven is an actual place, but more like a state of being. Or not being. Who knows. Maybe we know now.
But if you're watching this, then it means we bit the dust.
Oh, sweetheart! We wish we could be right there to hug the living daylights out of you!
But how can you respect yourself if you don't?
And the girl I love, she hates "Heaven." If I keep it, she'll never respect me.
I understand.
They're not my parents, Helen. My parents are back in Xenia and I hurt them very much.
Your parents would be crushed to think you weren't happy with it.
My legacy.
Giving you up was the most unselfish thing they ever did. When they founded "Heaven," they wished they could take you back but it was too late. All they could do was build the empire, knowing that someday it would all be yours.
I wondered about them, for so many years. I wondered if I looked like them, acted like them. I wondered why they gave me up.
They kept this scrapbook of your life. It meant the world to them.
You mean they knew who I was?
Your parents never wanted to interfere with your life, Ted. They knew your Mom and Dad loved you very much. They knew they did the right thing. But that doesn't mean they didn't watch you and miss you, from afar.
Look, the girls of Xenia are gorgeous, you'll see. Next month we'll be back to normal.
It's a little more serious than that, Bill. The stockholders have requested a meeting. They want our guarantee that this will never happen again.  Some of them are even calling for Ted's resignation.
We'll send you the release forms, Ted. Our staffers will help in any way they can.
No problem, consider it done.  I had this idea of shooting on location. Outdoors, you know? Maybe at some famous Xenia landmarks. You think that would be a problem?
I'm Helen McDole.  Your father's executive secretary.
You're on the next plane home.
Matter of fact, Jay, I'm planning a pictorial focusing on the women of my hometown, "The Girls of Xenia." Just to show my appreciation.
I see, so you'd be open to little ladies from Pasadena, who want to show you their knickers?
Matter of fact, Jay, my uncle and I are planning to rethink the magazine. To expand the traditional western notions of "beauty."
What about the future? You planning to rock the boat at all? Stir things up in "Heaven?"
I'm no stranger to the notion of philanthropy. Andrew Carnegie has long been one of my idols.
Are they hitting you up for donations? Asking you to sponsor the local quilting bee?
Well, Jay. They've been exceptionally supportive.
How are the hometown folks treating you, back in Xenia?
From my wise, albeit youthful, vantage point, the world is your oyster. You scored big.
Great.
You ever look down on them again and call them "grocers" like it's a dirty word, and you'll be sucking your filet mignon through a straw for six to eight weeks. Got it?
I didn't forget.
But just for the record, my Mom is a kick-ass schoolteacher and my Dad is the best damn auto mechanic this side of the Himalayas. You seem to have forgotten they opened Nelson's FAMILY Market so they could build something permanent, a legacy, for us. Their kids.
Look Ted. I'm cool with everything. You've long been dissatisfied with our mediocre little town. You've always had an itch for the good life. I'm happy for you. This couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
That's a crappy thing to say.
I meant biologically.
He was my Grandfather, too.
Funny you should say that. My Grandfather was a peach farmer.
You're a peach.
You can't come back. That is, you can, but your things will be in the room you currently think of as mine.
I miss them, too.
Aside from the fact that Mom's eyes are nearly swollen shut from crying and Dad spends all his time under the car trying to fix stuff that isn't broken, things couldn't be better.
Are they okay?
Are you kidding? Mom and Dad discover I'm gone and I'll be doing hard time.
That's it? I mean, you don't want to order room service or anything? We could play games and watch movies and stuff.
Just a formality.
You want it in writing?
If you could just sign right there.
You can have it, then. I'm not going back there.
Mom and Dad said it's yours. They seem to think you're coming home.
It's not up to me.
Better view, more spacious, new carpet. It's a no-brainer.
My room?
I came to ask permission to take custody of your room.
Very funny.
My new bike.
So, what brings you here at his hour?
They say money can't buy happiness but this is a reasonably good facsimile.
Most places are, Jimmy.
Impressive. This is bigger than our whole house.
It's really late...do your parents know where you are?
She knew exactly where you were staying, which you neglected to tell me, your own brother.
Sheryl Petersen is, what, nine years old, what does she know?
You can call me Jimmy again. Sheryl Petersen said James sounds too pretentious.
James, what are you doing here?
Why can't we have pot roast or stroganoff or even a little London broil? I mean, for god's sake, we own a grocery store!
Mom, Dad. Meatloaf has come to represent all that Ted hates about his mediocre life and the world we live in. He's what you'd call clinically bummed.
You better.
They're playing our song.  Dare I ask for this dance?
Let your fingers do the walking.
Yellow pages?
I know where you can find an excellent editor-in-chief.
I graduated from college. Did great, summa cum laude and all. And I'm about to launch a brand new magazine called "EXPOSED!"  An homage to Miss Julie Conroy of Xenia, Ohio.
Planet Ted. Five years from now. What's happening?
I know where you can find any number of naked girls who'd love to hop on board.
The thing is, I'll need a first mate.
Very ambitious. I like that.
And I thought maybe I'd take up boating. I've always wanted to be a "coxswain."
I decided to let Helen run the magazine. I need to go to college, learn a few things, you know.
I'm not going anywhere, Ted. You're the one with the champagne wishes and caviar dreams.
Julie, wow. I was afraid you left. I was afraid I'd never see you again.
Keeping your word is something I can actually respect, Ted.
The thing is, I made a commitment. I said I'd do it and I have to keep my word.
You think you're working with chimps here?
You're quick. I like that.
Which explains the continued success of "Heaven" for how many decades?
You've seen one naked breast, you've seem them all.
You're telling me you don't get aroused by a roomful of naked breasts.
Aw Julie, it's my job. It's like being a doctor.
I mean your pictorial. It bothers me, profoundly.
I know, their small town mentality can be maddening.
I have to be honest with you, Ted. I really despise "The Girls of Xenia."
But absolutely true.
That's hard to believe.
Julie, I'll tell you something that is the god's honest truth. I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls. I mean a lot. But none of them make me feel like you do.
Maybe someday.
I want you to trust me.
Trust is something you earn, over time. You don't just inherit it overnight like a gazillion dollar empire.
Come on.
Not a chance.
Do you trust me, Julie?
You lose trust in someone and it's over, done, gone, forever.
Turned out to be a scoundrel, eh? I saw that one coming.
You live and learn. I realized the most important thing to me, above all, is trust.
A Portuguese boyfriend. Sounds very "Cosmo."
I had a Portuguese boyfriend who could read the phone book and melt me.
I see.
Sounds, voices, music, humming. All of it can turn me on, or off, like a switch.
Tell me more.
I'm very aural.
What about you?
That's refreshingly deviant.
My fantasy is a totally naked woman, wearing nothing but a Timex and suede clogs.
Wearing them?  Or humping them?
Shoes, if you want to know the truth. Shoes are my thing.
I figured you for more of a hairy armpit guy.
I have a bit of a goosebump fetish. Not many people know that.
My desire betrays me, like goosebumps on my flesh.
That has more to do with your proximity to me.
I'm trembling with excitement.
Look at us. It's one o'clock in the morning, on a school night. We're in a smoky nightclub, hoping to catch our principal with some big city tart.
Amen to that.
At least it's not another 4-H meeting or a Big Brother barbecue.
You expected whips, chains, Merk being cattle-prodded by some dominatrix in a leather hood?
I don't know. This place seems pretty tame.
Let's do it.
I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati.
He's on the move?
Well? Where the hell are you?
That's probably my office.
Then you won't mind covering that watermelon seed spitting contest next week...
A good journalist can take lemons and make lemonade. I'm honing my craft.
He shut down your paper!  You're stuck writing articles about swap meets and raffles and PTA brunches!
You forget, I dislike YOU at least as much as him.
There's gotta be something. We have to dig deeper.
That's two words. And I'm out of the "exposed" business, remember? I need to graduate. Besides, Merk's a boy scout.
In a word: MERK. EXPOSED.
Cut to the chase, William Randolph. Your audience is way ahead of you.
If we were a team, we could do anything. I mean, anything.
But you never do.
Even when you infuriate me, I still want to kiss you.
I know.
You're amazing.
Then you'll see who's really holding on to you.
And then what?
Eventually you'll let go.
I feel like I'm being drawn and quartered. Like every part of me is being pushed and pulled and tugged in a different direction.
It's incredibly simple.
It's all so complicated.
A father is nothing but sperm, Ted. It takes a real man to be a dad.
I mean my father.
Your dad taught you everything.
You think my dad would have been like that if I knew him? You think he would have bought me a stadium, instead of teaching me how to play ball?
The ozone must be fully depleted on Planet Ted.
Now it makes sense, the whole neo Bohemian, down with hypocrisy, fight the power crap. You're a poor little rich girl.
I doubt it.
I see.
He phoned it in.
He cared enough to want you to have it.
Not "whatever."  It's two different things.
Whatever.
He didn't. He had it built.
I can't believe your dad built this for you.
To the best hiding place in the world.
Where are we going?
Put your eyeballs back in your head, William Randolph. I'm on assignment. A girl has to fit in.
Wow...you clean up nice.
You've got enough people kissing your ass.
Why can't you be nice to me?
Second only to unbridled, narcissistic conceit.
Charlie's right. Jealousy is so unattractive.
You're implying she's, what, a gold digger?
You're so twitterpated you don't even see the miner's hat and the pickax.
Well? What do you think of her?
A little respect would be nice, that's all.
And this is not my first time on a private jet, so quit acting like I'm Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm.
See? You're impertinent, rude, sarcastic.
I bet there are lots and lots of mirrors on Planet Ted.
Considering this is your first time on a private jet, on which you are interviewing the world's most eligible bachelor,  you are extremely cavalier.
Undoubtedly an aristocratic bartender of some sort.
My adoptive grandfather. Who knows what my biological grandfather did.
I did my homework. Your grandfather was a peach farmer.
Funny you should say "peachy."
Life must be peachy on Planet Ted.
Write what you want. Just try not to make it so obvious that you're crazy about me.
Is this an gritty exposé or a candy ass press release?
Don't write that part.
You never know around here.
She said peanuts, you cretin.
Interesting.
I guess.
I see. So more like a tight rope walker who secretly wants to be a trapeze artist.
I felt limited. I felt confined. I felt like I was suffocating.
Could everybody else tell you were different, or were you the only one who knew?
I don't get the distinction.
Different how? Different like a dwarf at a basketball game? Or different like a lesbian in pumps?
I have to admit, I always felt... different.
Really? You wanna write about me?
"Local boy inherits more money than god." Call me crazy, but I smell human interest.
Me?
Then I'll write about YOU.
What do you want from me? I'm trying to be fair. But I can't keep you on staff if you turn every PTA meeting into an Agent Orange cover up.
That's not ENTIRELY true.
I'm still better than you. Nothing changed except the decimal point in your savings account.
I'm trying to help.
Just because someone died and made you king of the publishing world doesn't mean you're even one ounce smarter than you were a week ago.
Come on, Julie. Don't screw up. You have some real talent.
Ah ha! It was so well hidden, you didn't even know it was there.
In the sense that there is no "hidden agenda" behind a bake sale that raised five hundred dollars for seeing eye dogs.
In what sense?
Your article sucked.
What is it, William Randolph? Your balls need scratching?
It's so nice to have FRIENDS like you, Christy.
A few billion bucks and suddenly he's Cro-Magnon Man of the Year.
It was for your own good, in a twisted sort of publicly humiliating way.
But you triple-dog-dared me.
I tried to warn you, William Randolph. She's got stiletto heels hidden in those Keds.
--Do it. I triple-dog-dare you.
I have absolutely no intention--
Go ahead. Ask her to the prom. Get it over with.
Me-ow.
I didn't know they gave them for Best Lip Gloss Retention During a Blow Job.
Christy's a very talented journalist. I see a Pulitzer in her future.
Don't even tell me you're hot for Miss Titty Pom Poms over there.
Look, I loved "Exposed!" and I hate it that you got busted. I know the school paper sucks in comparison, but it's really not THAT BAD.
Is it true? Is ignorance bliss?
The school dumpsters used to overflow to the point where the stench was unbearable. My award winning exposé changed all that. The city added an extra weekday trash pick-up.
Let me guess: retail sales of little chocolate sprinkles have gone through the roof!
That's just one example. My reporting has made a difference.
So, William Randolph. Your last big scoop contrasted the popularity of Rice Crispie Treats and chocolate Snickerdoodles at the annual bake sale.
Don't say "shit," honey. Use the strong vocabulary God gave you.
I need your help.  I'm really in deep shit.
Oh, Teddy. We missed you so much.
Everything I am is because of you. Can you ever forgive me?
Forget the store. Think big.
But who would run the store?
Like take that trip to Buckingham Palace. Go deep sea fishing in the Gulf of Mexico. Now's your chance.
Like what?
You're free.  You can do anything you ever wanted to do!
Oh. Goodness.
Don't you get it? In one day I earn more interest than the store's entire annual revenue.
But how would we pay our bills?
You don't have to work another day in your lives.
I'll make you very proud.
You promise you'll finish school?
Only the best for my mother.
Oh, good lord. Are those Neptunes?
Mom. Believe me. I could buy all that AND the factories they came from.
Everything is lovely, Ted, but much too expensive.
Just a few tokens of my affection. I'll be back soon, don't worry.
What is all this? When are you coming home?
Well? Surprised?
It's okay, Mom.  Trust me.
Save it, honey.  We want to hear every detail when you get back, but we don't want you to run up Mr. Zukerman's phone bill.
Yeah, I'm doing fine.  I have so much to tell you.  I don't even know where to begin.
Did you have a nice flight?  Are they taking good care of you?
I'm all right, Mom. I'm not in Siberia, you know.
Charlie, at a will reading? What did I do to deserve this?
What about Charlie?  You boys could make it a little adventure.
What? Having spring break ruined by will readings?
That's part of growing up, honey.
I don't have a shred of privacy in this whole stupid town!
No cursing in this house, young man. Use the strong vocabulary God gave you.
What is this? Does everybody know everything I'm about to say or do every freakin' minute of the day?
Alcohol does horrible things to a developing young mind.
You called the cops on us?
Our state has a zero tolerance policy for underage drinking.
What law, Merk? Having fun? Letting down our hair on prom night?
Mr. Nelson, you disappoint me. First you break our school board rules. Then you break the law.
You kicked us off your turf, Merk. Don't rain on our parade.
A new pediatric wing at the hospital? A presidential campaign? Name it. Anything.
I'm warning you.
A statue in front of city hall, dedicated to Principal Dick Merkin?
You're crossing the line, Mr. Nelson.
Deaf ears, Mr. Nelson. I answer to a higher power.
Come on, it's our only senior prom.
Rules are rules.
Honestly, Merk. It's like you were never seventeen and the head of a media empire.
If that were true, this would be one seriously constipated town. Most guys in Xenia have been looking at naked girls in "Heaven" since they were old enough to figure out their dads hide it under the mattress.
We cannot afford free speech if it excises the moral fiber of this community!
With all due respect to Merk, he doesn't have to read my magazine. But he has no right to stop others.  Ever hear of the First Amendment?
I guess you won't be wanting that Rolex I sent you, then?
What kind of sick question is that? I'll be watching you, young man. Your money and power mean nothing here. Nothing.
Have you ever even looked at "Heaven?"
I never figured you for a pimp.
Are you kidding? This magazine is my dream. It's every red-blooded, heterosexual male's dream.
That's a good start, yes. A very good start.
You think I ought to just tell them thanks but no thanks? I don't want your silly billion dollar empire?
Ted, you are the best editor this school paper ever had. You don't need to be pandering flesh. It's nonsense. It's beneath you.
Yes, sir. I'll brace myself.
I'll be blunt. I know you can take it.
Thanks, Principal Merkin.
I like you, Ted. You know that. I liked you before you were filthy rich.
Aw, come on, kid. Throw me a bone. I'm your uncle for gosh sakes.
That's right. And guess who's the new King of the Unemployment Line.
All is fair in "Heaven," Ted-baby.
Thanks for teaching me an important lesson. What makes a family is love, not blood.
My job. Back off, Benedict.
What are you doing?
--PEACHES! CANNED PEACHES!
I loved my brother. I stood by his wishes to let his son run the company. A son he never knew. A son that he and his wife gave away at birth. A son who was raised in a world quite different from our own. Nevertheless, I was there for the lad. I guided him as best I could. But he's only seventeen, with a mind of his own and judgment that is, well, frankly, not a chip off the old block. There is only one clear solution...  And I think we all know what that is--
We've got a huge problem with the magazine, Ted-baby. Our readers hate it. HATE IT. We need to talk.
Yes?
You're a great kid. Don't you forget it.
Thanks, Uncle Billy. Thanks for everything.
You're right. I should work, too. Our first issue together is almost ready to print.
I'd love to, but I really need to crack the books.  Final exams are coming up and I've been slacking.
Yeah, well, like my Grandpa used to say...you can't change your Christmas past, but you sure can exchange your Christmas presents.
I wish I knew you years ago, when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up.
I owe it all to you. Without your help I'd be lost.
You're taking this bull of an empire by the horns, but you're still keeping your small town values. You're not letting all this "stuff" spoil you.
Seriously? I'm doing all right?
Such enthusiasm. Have I told you lately how proud I am of you?
It was incredible. The light, the crowd, everything.
I can't wait to see the pictures.
I never saw anybody turn so many shades of red.
He was in a league of his own.
My father must've been amazing.
Really? So I'm doing OK?
So far, so good. Some of them have real Angel potential.
I'm Ted Nelson. I guess you already know that part.  For two years I've been the editor of the high school paper in Xenia, Ohio. I've won some awards, made a difference. I've always had journalism in my soul. Now I know why.
Don't forget to tell them all your qualifications.
That's perfect.
At our press conference tomorrow, I think we should announce our plans to explore the world. Not just a few leggy 36D's, with blond hair upstairs and down.
In other words, our scope is too narrow.
The world is a big, beautiful place.  We can open new markets in Africa and Asia.  Imagine the Dali Lhama reading our magazine.
You think we should be more open minded?
Well...for one thing...I think it's despicable that we exclude so many women that only fit our western notion of "classic beauty."
What kind of ideas?
It's not like I didn't have ideas, I had plenty of ideas. But I never even shared them with your father. Never had the guts.
My parents always say hard work builds character.
I never finished school myself. Never had to. My brother built this empire from nothing but his wife's perky tits and a whole lot of gumption. He gave me a cushy job on a silver platter. I never struggled for a second.
You seem like you're anything but lazy, Uncle Billy.
I've been very lazy for a long, long time.
Really? You'd do that for me?
You ARE home. But go ahead, finish school, do what you feel you need to do. In the meantime, I'll be your point person here on the magazine.
It's really going to be strange going home in a couple of days.
No one will be laughing at you now, Ted. You can take that to the bank.
I would have been laughed right out of Xenia.
You were the new and improved you.
I was like a different person tonight.
I told you you could do it.
Why, look who's here.
Whoa. But...that's the thing...  I've never even actually...
The Supreme Sovereign of Sexuality.
Me? The King of Coitus?
You're the Sultan of Semen. The Monarch of Masturbation. The Merchant Prince of Lust. You. Ted. Are the King of Coitus.
You are a multi-media magnate. The Tycoon of Tits. The Baron of Bottoms.
I do?
Huh! You laugh in the face of pressure!
All those people out there. It's a lot of pressure.
YOU? Nervous? Why on earth should you be nervous?
Truth is, I'm a little nervous.
They said that? Really?  Oh, your parents. The Nelson's. Right, right. How midwest. I like that.
Just a couple of finishing touches. My parents always said you never get a second chance to make a good first impression.
You ready for your big coming out party? Everybody's dying to meet you.
Yeah.  Everything's cool.
There you are, Ted-baby. Everything all right?
Tipping?
We don't allow TIPN, Ted.
I...uh...I think she's doing fine on her own.
Maybe she needs help, Ted. You should be a gentleman.
Indeed it is. During the day, visitors prefer to be outside, au naturel. As it were.
Ah, in other words, this is the apres-orgy salon?
Seldom? No kidding?
The parties are held in here when the weather dips below seventy. Which is seldom.
You're sure?
As much as possible.
A lot? I mean, a whole lot?
Of course I like girls.
You do like girls, don't you?
I have only one concern...
Uh, sure. Uncle Billy.
Smashing!  Welcome to the family, Ted. You are going to breathe some new life into this place. You are going to set the world on fire! You are going to...call me Uncle Billy? Please?
Your fathered owned the entire "Heaven" empire.  You own it now. Any questions?
I'm seventeen. I know it like the back of my hand.
Are you familiar with "Heaven?"
It's spring break. I don't want to go to a will reading.
How quaint.
Well kid, I'm speaking of...your biological parents.
You've got the wrong guy. The closest my parents have been to the Amazon is the Brazilian pavilion at Epcot.
I'm terrible at this. I blurt. I'm a blurter. Your parents...They ...well...they exist no further.  Skinny-dipping. The Amazon. Piranhas. It wasn't pretty.
My parents? What do you mean?
It's about your parents.
Oh no. No way. I've had all the bad news I can take for one day.
I'm just a messenger.
People pay good money for that?
Bad news.
I was in the middle of a melodramatic exit. It wouldn't really make a statement if I tiptoed out the door...What are you selling?
In a hurry, are we?
