You're a jerk-off, you know that?
All for show. Just a psychological mind game to get you to do the right thing.
No needles, huh? What about the acid bath?
On come on, X. Did you really think we were that barbaric?
Oh yeah? Why don't we start by taking this thing off my ankle? The poison needles?
You know what they say, the only way to change the system is from the inside.
Who says you're the good guys?
Cut the crap, X, I saw you down there. You're a hero. Don't be afraid to join the good guys.
But I hate cops, remember? Except for her.
You've kept up your end of the bargain, I'll do the same. But you really should consider staying on, you make a decent agent.
I'm pretty happy to see me too. So are you done with me yet?
Thought you bought the farm down there, X. Glad as hell to see you.
We don't have that kinda time, boss, I don't think Prague's gonna be around much longer. I've gotta go now. I've got a lot of bad guys to kill.
Somebody else makes those decisions, not guys like you and me. You've done your job, X, head back to Prague. I'll be landing in 90 minutes. This is my operation now.
Kinda funny, though, isn't it? We're not supposed to be making weapons like that anyway. Guess we shoulda played by the rules.
Yeah, that's right. So now that you know, you understand why it's important that we get it back.
Jesus Christ, Gibbons, this is something we came up with?
Silent Night is the name of a top secret binary nerve agent. The glass canister is shot into the air and detonated. The black and white chemicals mix, forming a toxic cloud. When it settles down to Earth, it'll kill everything in the vicinity.
Come on, Gibbons, you can do better then that.
Yes it does.
They retrofitted Ahab with some kind of rocket launcher. They were loading canisters of liquid into it, light colored and dark colored in the same tube but separate. Something tells me this it that "classified" stuff you didn't want me to know about. Does the song "Silent Night" mean anything to you?
I'm on the way with a team to relieve you. What's the latest?
Snow covered fortress. Army of bad guys. The usual.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
You're a grungy little phoenix, you know that? Keep up the good work.
Thanks.
I'm gonna be en route with a team shortly to relieve you. Just keep the pressure on until the cavalry arrives. And X? You done yourself proud helping those people today.
Hey, one miracle at a time. They're on to me now, remember?
This is good work, X, damn fine work. You need to press on at all costs, find out what they have planned with this "Ahab".
Yeah, I sent you pictures. Here's what I'm thinking. If they take out the cameras and sensors, they could probably put a bomb in this thing. You drop it in the water in the Red Sea and three weeks later it's swimming up the Potomac.
You did say "Ahab"? You're sure about that?
I know, poison needles in my shins. You've got 36 hours. Peace, out.
My friend, if you're planning on crossing me...
Call me crazy, but I thought hooking up a million dollar deal was a great way to get on their good side. What else? You gonna hassle me about the weapons and spy stuff too?
That information is classified. You're there to gather information on their operations, period.
What the hell am I after? You're telling me dick.
We're not after car thieves here.
I'm already on a first name basis with these dudes, I got a deal set up, you want me to hammer it or not?
One point two million dollars? I did not authorize you to spend one point two million dollars!
Buddy, you sent me here to get close to their organization, that costs money.
If you're trying to push my buttons, you're on the right track. Don't make me question my own judgment, X.
I guess you got my E-mail. I set up a purchase. Ten cars.
Just remember, I'll be watching.
Is that all?
Crude and defiant as always, Triple X. It fits so well because you're obscene.
Up yours.
Fine, but I'm not gonna be no Bulldog Omega 5.
I expect you to call in regularly with progress reports.
Yeah, I spy or I die.
Wherever you go on the planet, I'll find you. There's no quitting. If you try to take it off, a ring of needles will inject enough curare into your bloodstream to kill you before you hit the ground. Is all that clear?
How about a pedicure as long as you're down there. What's this? Lo-Jack?
What's with that "X" on the back of your head? Does that mean you're "extreme"? I've got some news for you, Mr. X, you're a three time loser. So maybe you should tattoo another couple of X's on your head.
Not bad for a gimp.
You're one sick bastard. A sadist with a badge looking to rope me in to a suicide mission. I think no matter which way I go I'm likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic. So here's my answer: kiss my ass, Hop-along.
If you find out what I want to know, and if I'm able to successfully use that information, you get to go back to your degenerate little life. If not, you take a bath.
What do I get out of it?
There's some folks I want to keep tabs on. Dirty, tattooed, uncivilized. Your kind of people.
Now I'm the one who's nauseous. So what's the deal? What do you need me for?
That's too bad. I thought a guy like you would appreciate the challenge.
I plan on getting a lot older. And playing spy games sounds like a quick way to get yourself dead.
You're an adrenaline junkie with one foot in the penitentiary. You risk your ass building a daredevil myth that means nothing and you're not getting any younger.
I'm not interested. I've already got a job.
You're perceptive too. I forgot to add that to the list of surprises. I'm with the National Security Agency. And unlikely as it may sound, I need your help.
You want the cheap backstory? The runaway mom, the suicide dad and the foster homes? Gimme a break. You're not interested in my past, you're interested in my future as some kind of spy.
You've really got me confused, Cage. On the one hand you showed leadership, courage under fire, a willingness to protect men you hardly knew... and on the other you have an arrest record that pegs you as near sociopathic. Help me out here. I'm not following your evolution.
Good thing you were there to save the day. Come walk with me.
You're a cold piece of work. You almost got three people killed out there.
Congratulations, you've just graduated at the head of your class.
You know what I hate? It's always the assholes that pass the tests.
You know what I hate? Any scumbag with a clean shirt and a bad haircut can get one of those tin stars and suddenly they think they're God.
Sure as gravity. I've had a feeling about you from the start, Cage. It's nausea.
Is that a fact?
You've got this wrong. You're not under arrest, you've been abducted. And until I say different, you belong to me.
Are we done now? You've got nothing on me. So if you ain't booking me, I'm walking.
Oh I don't know, I think the tests work pretty well. Sometimes they give me answers you wouldn't admit to in a million years.
Look at me, dude, do I look like a fan of law enforcement? Forget the tests, you shoulda just asked me. I woulda saved you a lot of trouble.
Why is that?
..If you're trolling around for narcs, man, have you got the wrong guy.
Alright, Cage, you've got me. This is one of those moments. "Many are called, few are chosen", that kind of thing. Your government needs you. Are you up for the challenge?
A Fed, I shoulda known. Who else would have this kind of budget? Now you're gonna hit me with the sales pitch.
It's your lucky day. You just might get the chance to pay back our wonderful country for all the freedom you enjoy.
Good for you. Now why don't you stop wasting my time and tell me what you want. You didn't go through all this for my benefit.
Whether you thought this was for real or not, you jumped in and helped the waitress on instinct. That tells me something about your character.
That shows me already that you don't have a clue. What's it to you, anyway?
Most guys we ran through this either took off or helped them rob the place. I expected you to do the same.
Diner, huh? Let me tell you what the problem is. I wake up drugged to find what? You've got a "salesman" over here reading a three week old newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a "trucker", who happens to be packing a cop issue H&K 9mm. I get tipped that something is going down when she passes me a note. How's that for twisted logic? How did she know there was trouble unless they pulled the guns before I "walked" in? And if that's true, why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money? Then I notice how beefy they both are. Hell, even the waitress is cut. All three of them look like they went through the same training program. Ergo they ain't strangers and this isn't what it seems. That's how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day. Why?
Looks like a diner.
What is this place?
The name's Gibbons. You were saying?
Who the hell are you?
So the odds are up to fifty-fifty? I can deal with that.
Alright, do what you want. But keep the screws on him. He's a wild card. That could be either good or bad.
Why not? You were going to throw him in a tub full of acid, weren't you?
He's gotten closer in 24 hours than all of the other operatives combined. He got us an account number to boot. Now even if he's just dumb and lucky, I say we back his play.  I put him out there, Sam. If he doesn't come up with the money, they'll kill him. I can't let that happen.
You're talking about a very expensive risk here.
If it means getting Silent Night back, absolutely.
You what? A wire transfer of this size?
I think we should send him whatever he wants.
Ridiculous. Cut him off. I'm sorry Gibbons, you pulled up a shark this time.
That's exactly why we need them.
They're degenerates. There's not a man in there that would give a damn if the Chinese took over.
I've seen enough. Turn it off.
But programmable. And expendable.
The scum of the Earth.
The usual prospects. Convicts, contract killers, murde...
You wanna find out about rats, ask a rat. I've had my people put together a talent pool. I downloaded it to your desktop.
So you'll dredge the bottom again. You've done that before. The results were... uneven.
I'll go in with a team. But first I'm going to need some intel. I'll have to put someone inside, someone new, someone they won't see coming. One of their own.
How will you fix it?
We're gonna have to step in, Sam. Those CIA boys couldn't find a clown in a field of cactus. Let me take care of it.
Silent Night in the hands of a bunch of impertinent cowboys
They're ruthless and they have a lot of firepower. It's only a matter of time before they figure out how to deploy Silent Night. Then we're gonna have a catastrophe on our hands.
He was the best there was. That makes three agents lost.
Not a whole helluva lot. His final transmission was mangled. About something or someone called "Ahab". Whatever it is, it cost him his life.
What do you have?
Now you're gonna make me enjoy this, funny guy. Now I'm gonna take the whole foot off. Whatchu think of that?
Alright. You wanna eat through a tube, be my guest.
You saving me? You talking pretty tough for a guy got himself chained to the ceiling.
We're on to the game, ese. You got the fake blood splattered all over the walls, you got your torture tools... It's all very cute. But come on, let's quit while you're ahead. I'm only trying to save you a beatin'.
We're anti-social. We don't have any friends.
We seen this kind of parachutes before, you know. U.S. Army. You got some friends here, jump out with you guys?
That's some accident, hombre. You accidentally fall out of a plane in the middle of the night and land up in my back yard.
Oh, I don't know. It was an accident.
Whatchu doing here?
He gets to be the hero.
Like what?
Oh. I bet by the end he gets something out of it.
Nothing, really. My guy is just doing it to stay alive.
What do you get if you finish?
Just about anything I want, it looks like. This is gonna be tough, though. There's no way to save this game. I gotta get it right the first time through.
What weapons do you have?
What are you gonna do? They're Euro- trash.
"Anarchy" 99"?
Yorgi masterminded the take-over of three Red Mafiya clans. Cops called it "blood week". He combined all of their global enterprises into one huge crime syndicate: Anarchy 99.
Kirill, the sniper. Looks like a bookworm, but he had 72 confirmed kills in Chechnya, they called him the "Finger of God". Assassination and weapons.
This guy's kinda dorky lookin'.
Naturally.
Next we got a Siberian redneck, Viktor. Into snowmobiles and snowboarding. So naturally, he covers prostitution and the drug trade.
You wanna check it out? Come here.
Do they have any special powers? The bosses always have special powers.
Slick graphics, huh? See these dudes? They're called "Anarchy 99", they're the bad guy bosses.
What game is that?
It's about your next mission. You need to be debriefed.
What are you doing?
You can't welch on me now. We had a deal.
I can't believe my mission is finally over. I don't even know what to do with myself.
Use your grenades! Maybe we can blow it up underwater!
By then it's too late! The only way to safely dispose of the nerve agent is in deep water! The chemicals will break down and dissipate!
It has to surface to release the nerve agent, right?
It's running three meters down. Twenty knots.
A manual control on a moving torpedo. This day keeps getting better and better.
No, it's like a safety. We are going to have to access the manual controls.
You can't talk to it?
He's shut out the communication circuit!
I'm sick of that guy. Let's stop playing nice.
A piece of shrapnel hit me.
You okay?
Let me.
Toadies right behind.
Go to the water, it's that way!
Where'd the damn truck go?!
He owns a big industrial complex on the river. He'll launch it from there.
Where's he headed?
Let's do this.
If they launch it, I know how to bring it back.
Did you do your homework?
Let me guess, they had a big white torpedo with them.
Yorgi and Kirill.
He's a regular humanitarian. And all this time I thought he was just a tool.
Don't you see, X? For the betterment of humanity, he's going to start World War Three.
What the hell are we doing? We're doing all this together, trusting each other, making plans, and we haven't even slept together yet.
When this is over, we're just gonna take off, the two of us. Take a vacation.
I was supposed to wait for the cop to kill you and then kill the cop. They'll believe me.  I've been lying for so long, one more time won't hurt.
Aren't they gonna wonder were you've been?
Yes, I do. You're right. I can't just let him go free. Besides, I can help you from the inside.
You don't have to do that.
I must be healthy, then, because I'm scared to death. I guess I'd better get back to Yorgi.
A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head. Maybe that's my problem. If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine.
Aren't you afraid?
We'll have to go after them.
They left. To a fortress in the mountains.
Why? You're the one who believes in nothing. Screw the world, or whatever you said.
We can't leave now. We have to do something.
No, now it's about us. Let's do something for us before we both get killed. Don't you want to get to Bora Bora, Xander?
Petra, this ain't about the people that sent us here, you know that.
What do we owe our governments? Yours kidnapped you, mine abandoned me.
Of course it matters. Hey, hold on!
It doesn't matter anymore, forget it.
Wait a minute, whoa. We can't go now. What's Yorgi got planned with that nerve agent?
We're getting out of this place. We've done enough.
Where are we going?
I know which cops are good and which are bad. Come with me. Come on, right now.
What are you doing with the Ivans?
I don't know what's going on anymore. I thought I was square with that dude. Now everybody's switching sides like it's the WWF.
I heard you talking. I could tell where you were in the room.
What the hell are you doing? You could've killed me!
Are you alright?
You can't, it's too risky. I'm not much help anyway, remember?
When can I see you again?
Of course. I'll do what I can. I have to go, before they notice.
Get your head back in the game. There are lives at stake here.
No, I guess I've been no help at all to you.
I'm busted up for you, but Jesus, what the hell are you doing? Those people almost drowned on that boat and you didn't lift a finger.
I don't know. Eight months ago I stop hearing from my people. No explanation, just silence. So I stay and I wait like I was told. Soon I'm in so far, they'd kill me if I left. Now every day I get farther and farther away from what I was. I'm like you said, a criminal.
You're what? What the hell have you been doing?
I'm a agent as well. KGB. I've been undercover for over a year.
What's that?
There's something I didn't have time to tell you before.
We've got to find out what it is. Can you handle that?
No, something worse. He says it's a surprise, but I know him. This is his masterpiece.
So what's the plan with this Ahab? Are they selling it or what?
They'll kill you, you know they will. Besides, there is no back door. Keep smiling. Ready? Now.
I can't let this happen. I want you to go out the back. I'll make up some excuse.
Not an option. Just get up slowly like everything's cool. Petra, trust me. You just hung yourself out to dry for me, I'm not gonna let you down.
That's alright, I'll figure something out.
If I go out the back, he'll know you've warned me.
Jesus Christ. You're going to have to go out the back. The data that you copied with your toy. Tomorrow, at six o'clock. Look it up. We're taking a trip. Be there at six and you'll have plenty to tell your people.
It's a long story, but yeah, more or less.
There's no more time for games. They made you. There's a sniper out front waiting to put a bullet in your eye. Tell me if it's true.
What are you talking about?
They tell me you're an American agent.
So there you have it. I guess you just have to ask yourself, how bad to you want out?
A beach named X? That I'd like to see.
We could work together. Then maybe we could both get the hell out of here. There's a beach in Bora Bora with my name on it.
All I have to do is risk my life providing you with these facts.
The people I know want facts, the kinds of things an insider would know. They're interested in putting Anarchy 99 out of business.
Don't even start. I'll be honest, I don't trust you. Bur lets pretend for a minute that what you say is true, that I want to leave. What can you do about it?
I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out, I thought his judgment was pretty sound.
You agree with a lot of what he says, don't you.
Don't judge a comic book by it's cover.
Whoever sent you knew what they were doing. You and Yorgi are practically twins. Two nihilistic fashion victims who make a lot of noise but don't say much.
Let's just say I'm freelancing and leave it at that.
So why don't you tell me something about who you gather information for. They obviously have very deep pockets. Are you from a rival clan?
I'm from L.A.
That's how you eat? It's like a gerbil.
I'm an information gatherer. You wanna go somewhere and talk about it?
What are you?
Look at you. You're helping run things now. You're a gangster. I bet that snuck up on you. You woke up one day and you were a criminal.
Go to hell!
The eyes don't lie. All this has gotten to you, hasn't it, Petra? You came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and you stayed because it was fun. Now you don't like it so much, but you're in so deep you can't get out anymore. Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra.
I don't know what you're talking about.
That makes two of us then, sweetheart, because I ain't buying your bullshit either. You're not like them, I can see it in your eyes. So you tell me, who's bullshitting who?
Maybe we should start again, yes? I know so little about you, except that you're not what you say you are.
Hey, you're good.
You've got to relax, baby, you're paranoid.
Bullshit. I see you look at everything, study everything, ask questions. I know exactly what you're doing. Empty your pockets.
Hey, take it easy. I'm just a dude trying to make a buck.
I also remember you drove your car here. Who are you really? Make no mistake, I will shoot you and not feel bad about it. Who are you working for?
We hung out last night, remember?
Who are you?
That right? Why's that?
Don't even bother, X man, I'm not your type.
Come on, don't front like that. You'll put a guy right off you.
I don't know who you are or where you come from, but I don't like you. You ask too many questions.
I was invited. What's your story?
Why are you still hanging around? Your business is finished, you should go home.
Where are you going?
Did you guys used to date? That's it, right? He broke your heart and you're still soft on him. That's funny, it don't seem to fit with a tough broad like you.
Mind your business.
It's gonna be like that, huh? You got all bent out of shape as soon as he started dancing with someone else. Why's that?
Go to hell.
You do everything Yorgi says?
Yorgi asked me to.
If you got a problem with me, why are we dancing?
So cute. He shows up for a battle of wits with a mental butter knife.
Sure. Just chisel some off your heart.
My goodness, a word with four syllables. I should get some ice before your brain gets too hot.
Is she for real? Honey, maybe you should quiet down and let the grownups have a conversation.
Do you know what a wire transfer is?
I have Japanese buyers who are looking to move a fleet, if you have the quality of merchandise they're after. And it's a mil two, max.
Ten is hardly worth the effort. We're talking a lousy million five U.S.
Nice place to start, don't you think?
The Peace conference...
Viktor! Stay the course.
Why don't we go below decks and work off some of this adrenaline.
You've been so quiet lately, Petra, I thought you no longer cared.
I'd forgotten how exciting it is working together.
What was that for?
It all happened so fast. Such an unfortunate accident.
What are you doing?
Perhaps he is not all he says he is.
Nothing. He had two days.
I thought that was in detail.
Now that I've given you the overview, we're going to spend the next couple hours going into extensive operational detail.
You're joking, right?
It's a stakeout suit. It's got food, water, recording gear, anything you need for covert spying. It's all- weather, fire retardant, and if you give this buckle a sharp pull, the whole outfit deploys into a parachute.
From the Beastie Boys collection?
Think again, that's government property. You have to sign for everything. I've got one more that wasn't on your list.
I think I'll hang on to these.
That one I'm real familiar with.
This is your standard dart gun.
They come in any other styles or colors?
Miniature power cams set in on contact, giving you a sure grip on any surface.
Listen to you. Right away, sir, anything you say, sir.
Why don't you show me some gear before you get hurt.
Is that supposed to be funny? I'm not laughing. I've worked for ten years to get my shot at being a field agent, funny boy. And ar the last minute I get bumped by you, some reject from the Ozzfest.
I stole your beat, huh? Guess you forgot to brown-nose the right people.
Back off, just go away you klutz. Alright, here's the story. The items in these cases belong to me. I designed them, built them, and was going to use them in the field myself until you showed up.
That's would be me.
Hate those Russkie choppers. Rattle- trap pieces of garbage. I'm agent Shavers. Toby Lee Shavers. I'm looking for what's his name. Three X' s.
You're wrong about that. I'm heading out that door right now.
You're not exactly "going anywhere" yourself.
You can't just propose to me out of nowhere. You think that's going to solve our problems? I'm sorry, X. It was a kick for a while, but it's over. You're just not going anywhere.
I don't know. I thought this is what you wanted. You want stability, here it is.
This is so typical. I can't believe you. I've barely seen you for the last three weeks and now this? Are you out of your mind?
Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I?
You're serious?
I was gonna wait till the islands, but...
What...?
Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd better give you your surprise now.
It's not about the money, X! You never plan for anything. I can't live like that anymore, I need some stability.
Alright, so I'll get more.
French Polynesia? This wouldn't last us a week in a cheap hotel. Do you know how expensive it is down there?
I don't wanna go mersh, you know that. But hey, if this is about money...
You have all this talent, and you waste it. You won't take a single endorsement deal. Meanwhile those other guys have their own video games! But no, you've got too much "integrity" for that.
I'm having fun, what's the problem?
You run around with maniacs jumping motorcycles in the desert, you break 36 bones crashing wave runners and snowboarding off cliffs, all with no health insurance... It's insane, I can't take it anymore.
I can see that. Why?
I'm through, Xander.
Hey, you don't need all this just to go on vacation. Unless this ain't for going on vacation...
They came and found me. They said they'd kill me unless I help them. Plus they offer me a lot of money. No big deal. These things happen. Dump your gun on the floor.
Why you dogging me up?
Oh come on, don't feel bad. You got played, so what? You're new at this. Did you think you could just stroll into this business one day and have all the angles figured out?
What's the deal?
Sorry, "dude".
Is this what you're looking for?
I found something big enough for us to take these guys down with. They've got a of nerve agent they're gonna unleash.
You killed me, remember? Now I have to hide out here with you. Where have you been?
Dude, what are you doing here?
Yeah, thanks a lot.
I'll leave you two alone to talk.
The corner. Anarchy 99.
Nice hops.
First of all, you should kill whoever sold you that suit. Two, I don't wanna be here either, so just step off. Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch. Now that we've got that sorted out, I'm gonna get some rest.
You're here because your government is putting pressure on my government. This is an internal affair, a Czech affair, that you are interfering with. I will warn you once: Don't shit in my lawn. Get whatever information your government seeks and get our.
Here we go again.
My name is Slovo, Czech secret police. When you are here you are under my jurisdiction, you take my orders, you do what I say. If you become any kind of an inconvenience, I'll shoot you.
I've been on a plane for twelve hours, I think I'll stand.
Sit down.
Looks like we're in the middle of the drug war.
They're all over the place! What the hell's going on?
It's like you said, every man for himself.
Help me with this guy.
He's a pretty good actor, though.
Who's writing this dude's dialogue?
A parachute. This does not argue well.
Heads up, man. What's this thing on my back?
Been to any good diners lately?
What's so damn funny?
Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked.
You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day, the dawning of a new age of --
Come on, Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you, man? I thought you'd get it.
And here I thought "anarchy" was just something cool to put on a Tshirt.
Sure, if that's what you want. Why not? It's all human nature. So we just have to launch our baby and wait for the decline and fall of civilization as we know it.
Including rape, pillage, murder.
Easier than that, buddy. I'll get them to destroy each other. You kill an entire Peace conference, someone is going to have to pay. Then our friend Ahab continues down the river to the ocean and begins his world tour. London, Cairo, Beijing... Pretty soon everyone's involved. These guys bomb those guys, those guys invade these guys. Soon the whole world is like your wild West cowboy days. No rules, no law, everybody free to do what they want.
So all by yourself, you're going to destroy every government; in the world.
You think I'm after money? I told you, my friend. Anarchy. Time for a change. Money is good, but for true freedom you have to get rid of the rules themselves.
What's the gimmick, Yorgi? That's the part I don't get. You gonna hold the world hostage with your gas bombs? I didn't think you were dumb enough to go with that hack cliche.
Not bad, man, not bad. You put things together quick. Prague it is.
I wanted to get the hell out of Prague before Silent Night falls.
And you. Why do you have such a problem staying away, my friend? Did you miss us that much?
Don't forget goatee boy. I greased him up on the diamond run.
That was for Anders.
You want to insult me? This is my hospitality. Pick one.
That's alright, I'm kinda tired.
I've got meetings this afternoon, I've got to get some sleep. Just pick a girl.
My old man, he bought into the system, and it screwed him. So he swallowed a bullet. Me, I don't believe in nothing I can't see and touch.
Connections and politics, it's the same everywhere.
Hell no. My dad was a straight up tin soldier. Somehow he pissed this general off and got himself dishonorably discharged. Had a court martial and everything. The charges were total bullshit, so he was sure he'd get his name cleared, but it didn't happen.
You, an Army brat? I don't see that one at all. Did you join the service as well?
I've been here before, when I was a kid. My old man was in the service, we used to live on the Army base in Hamburg.
It's a beautiful town, Prague. It's been good to me.
You got a great set-up here Yorgi. You really know how to live.
Easy. You get enough money that you grow an ass big enough for the whole world to kiss.
How you gonna do that with government and rules everywhere?
You got it, man. It's stupid but it's true. True freedom is when you do whatever you want anytime you want. That's when you know you're living, man.
"...try walking into a deli and urinating on the cheese". 'Anarchy Burger' by the Vandals.
To us it means no walls, no speed limits, no jails. It's everybody does what he wants. People think democracy is freedom but they don't have a clue. There's an old punk song. It says: "America stands for freedom, but if you think you're free..."
That's what I'm talking about, man! That's why Anarchy 99 was born.
Screw the world. If I'm gonna die for something, it better be bitches and money.
You wanna see my politics?
It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours.
What's "Anarchy 99"?
Total chaos, man! Welcome to Anarchy 99!
Had to do what I had to do.
I don't believe it! You can't shoot a cop in the middle of the street!
Bullshit! You get your boy off that roof or I swear to God I'm gonna give you another hole to breathe out of.
He's not with us, Xander. He must be with you.
You tell me! You got a sniper up there or what?
What's going on, my friend?
This is a gift. From me to you.
What's this?
Of course.
I had to inspect the merchandise first.
I'm somewhat less so. We seem to have a bit of a problem...
Very nice. I'm impressed.
It'll work faster if I have an account number.
Don't look at me, X, she handles all the details.
Ferrari's, Lamborghini's... high end pasta rockets. Ten to start.
We seen all your shit! So you want cars? We get whatever cars you need. What are you looking for?
When else are you gonna do it?
I remember that one where you jump the motorcycle over the freeway at rush hour.
I'm talking about the sports cars that disappear off the docks in Genoa and wind up here. If you don't know about 'em, who does?
Sorry, man, don't know what you're talking about.
Thanks, but I'm here on business. I heard you're the G around here. I'm looking for some cars, expensive ones. A lot of them.
I appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Whatever you want, the rest of the night, consider it on the house.
He flashed his badge to half the bar when he bought his drink.
Cops. Like a plague. No matter how many you pay there's always another with his hand out. How did you pick him out?
Who you workin' for? What do you do for a living, dickhead?
This pizda? Never seen him before.
That's the guy.
