Beast.
Storm.  Try to look for the highest vantage point. From what I can figure, he'll need to gain as much altitude as possible to blanket the island.  It is my feeling that Magneto has to--
We all do.
I wish I could go.
... until he found tungsten.
Thomas Edison knew how to make the light bulb.  He had the energy source. He had the vacuum.  But he didn't have the filament.  He tried metal after metal but nothing would hold to power.
The neuro-filter acts like a surge protector, regulating the infinite flow of information from Cerebro to the Professor's mind.  It's what keeps him from being crushed by the consciousness of millions.
What does that mean?
So where do you think he's planning this larger demonstration?
Yes -- Only there's a problem.  The mutator gene is not responding to the radiation the way it would in mother nature.  It's forcing the body's cells to replicate thousands of times faster than they're accustomed to.  The Senator's body is literally burning itself out.  Scott -- this machine kills people and I don't think Magneto realizes it.
For what purpose?
Correct...  Apparently, Adamantium is the only metal strong enough to hold the energy this machine produces.  He used the Adamantium in Logan's dog tag to test it on the Senator.  And I assume now he plans to use the rest of Logan's skeleton for a larger demonstration.
Its core?
It appears as though Magneto has built a machine which somehow triggers the mutator gene in normal human beings. And he is using Adamantium as its core.
I'm afraid without Cerebro's help, he won't have the strength to heal himself -- And without the neuro- filter... there's no Cerebro.
Can the Professor repair his own mind?
I'm sorry.  I'm not strong enough.
Jean... can you?
Storm, Rogue, -- you take the south entrance.  Jean and I will go in here.
It's too far.
I'm going to assume that means that the Secret Service is out of commission.  Jean, can you raise me up there?
Uh-huh.
Into the Hudson?
Radar Stealth Mode checks out.  All right, there'll be less security north of the George Washington Bridge.  I'm taking her down.
He calls me sport one more time, and I'll blow a watermelon-sized hole through him.
What's that?
I'll tell you one thing though.
Well, I think that's perfectly understandable.
Hey.  I'm sorry.  About Logan.  I was jealous.
No.  I'm...  I don't know if we can do this without Charles.
Are you all right?
We have to find Magneto.
He's already losing control of his vitals.  Respiratory.  Cardiovascular. Unless we manage to replace the filter by tomorrow morning, I'm afraid.
His vital signs are weak and getting weaker.
What's wrong with him?
If Magneto is planning to use Logan for some terrible purpose it's our responsibility to do something.
You saw what happened tonight.  You think Magneto won't come after him again.  You think he won't come here if necessary.  This is a school, for God's sake.
What are you talking about?
I don't like him being here.
Scott.. I -
Sure you are, sport.
I'm o.k.  I'm o.k.
Shut up.  I got no interest in you, Xavier,  or your... X-Men.
You know, you --
I've served with men like you before. Methodical.  Systematic -- Naive.  You know what happens to those men in a real fight?
I don't remember.  Is that what you wanted to ask me?
How long have you been in Alaska?
I wanted to talk to you.
Inspiring -- Now what am I doing here?
Yeah, I'll bet you have.
I've seen a lot of rings.
Logan, do you see this ring?
What is it you're failing to get at? Are you interested in me?
He takes himself seriously.
He takes his work seriously.
He's uptight.
Suit yourself.
Let go.
Not interested.
What do you say?
Were you now?
I was thinking maybe you and me could go into town.
He's busy right now.
You should always work with a spotter.
What if they're naughty?
If necessary.
By reading my thoughts?
Maybe, the Professor could help you with that.
Yeah?  Well I don't like to talk about my past.
The Professor said you were a solider. Actually, I believe he used the word mercenary.
What if I like the pain?
I'll see what I can do -- You should get some sleep.  Even with your healing ability, you're going to be hurting for a while.
I won't light the cigars - how about that?
There's no smoking or drinking on the school grounds.
Some cigars.  Case of beer.
Anything else I can get you?
I can assure you, there is no such creature in my genes.
The mutant gene tells the body when it needs to change.
Tell it to the ones that did this to me.
Treat you like a mutant?  We are not what you think.  Not all of us.
I'm sorry to come here, Ms. Grey.  I was afraid if I went to a hospital, they would...
Senator?
Dr. Grey.
I can assure you, there is no such creature in my genes.
I presume nothing, I am here to tell you that in time, the mutator gene will activate in every living human being on this planet.  Perhaps even your children, Senator.
This was taken by a state police officer in Secaucus, New Jersey.  A man in a minor altercation literally melted the car in front of him.  I don't know where you come from, Ms. Grey, but where I come from, you don't go melting people's cars when they cut you off.  You do it the old fashioned way -- you give 'em the finger.  But what you presume to tell this committee -
Control, Senator...  we teach them control.
You wouldn't happen to be teaching them how to use their powers to --
Math.  History.  Science.  English. Athletics --
Ms. Grey -- you work at a school for mutants in Westchester, New York.  Can you tell the members of this committee what exactly you are teaching these mutants?
I am avoiding a question that is decidedly loaded, Senator.  The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.
You're avoiding the question I posed to you at the beginning of the hearing, Ms. Grey.  Three words: Are mutants dangerous?
Let's just say, God works too slowly.
What is it you intend to do to me?
INTENTION?  Intention, Senator?  We are talking about mankind here.  His fear.  It is only a matter of time before mutants will be herded into camps.  Studied for weaknesses.  And eventually wiped off the face of the Earth.
The intention of registration act -
Gosh, I hope so.
Whatever you do to me... no matter what you'll make me right.  Every word I have spoken will be confirmed.
You mutant bastards...
Mr. Guyrich has been dead for some time Senator.
You... wha... Who are you... Where is Henry?
In the road to survival, there is always sacrifice Logan.  We are the future... not them.  We must protect ourselves.  After tonight, when the leaders of the world return home -- They will return as brothers, as mutants... and our cause will be theirs.  This is survival, I know you understand that, Logan... or is it Wolverine?
What are you going to do?
You're backstage at the encore of creation.
Where am I?
You think I care about her?  I'm the only one who's sure to walk out of here.
Come with me and I'll let her live.
What do you want?
I do love a good check mate.
What?... miss me?  Charley, I'm gonna walk out the front door and trust me, it won't be soon enough for everyone here.
Why?  You have a home here now, if you want it.  Everyone will...
Actually I'm feeling up to leaving.
They're all asking how you're doing. Are you feeling up to saying hello to everyone?
Don't you knock?
I'll go.
I've found her, Westchester Mall.
We were friends once...  But that was a long time ago.
He helped you?
Actually, Magneto helped me put it together.
You designed this yourself?
The brainwaves of mutants are quite different than those of the average human being.
How?
To find Rogue.
Where are we going?
I believe he wants you for your Adamantium.
No.  That's me talking.  And you know what?  It's only been thirty-two hours and you still have no idea what this guy wants with me.
Now that's Magneto talking.
What if it never happens?  What if they're so afraid of us that we become the enemy? -- This place is gonna be one giant cemetery.
The point is to step into a more evolved position of social responsibility.  To recognize that there is a world out there and that we mutants are as much a part of it as normal human beings.
This.  This whole God damn thing.  Making yourselves into some sort of "team" of super-powered freaks. Teaching wayward mutants about classical literature.  For what?
The point of what?
Deal.
Forty-eight hours, old man.  But if you cross me, I won't feel any guilt about what I do to you.
A very powerful mutant who for some reason has taken an interest in you. I'm not sure why, but until we find out, I must ask you to stay.
Who?
I brought you here so that you would be safe from Magneto.
What am I doing here?
And you think it helps calling her Rogue?
If she held on any longer she could have.
I felt like she almost killed me.
She borrowed your power to save her life.  When she touches someone, she absorbs their strengths -- their gifts.  In your case -- your ability to heal.  That's why she keeps her body covered.
What did she do to me?
The sun is setting, Logan.  You've been asleep for nineteen hours.
Why is everybody up at sunrise?
ALIVE.
I'll find him.
Enough for a test.
Is it enough?
A piece.  Only a piece.
Is that what you're looking for?
It was Xavier's people.  They knew.
How?
I lost him.
I feel a great swell of pity for the poor soul who comes to that school again looking for trouble.
And what do you do when you wake up to that?
It does indeed, Max.
Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night?  The feeling that some day, some day very soon, they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and your children?  Take you all away?
I know.
I wouldn't really have let you die, you know.  I just needed...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN TO DO?
This checkmate goes to you.  I didn't want to hurt anyone.  But you leave me no choice.
What do you mean to do?
I'm going to change the world with or without you as a witness, Charles.  And this one gets a front row seat.
The way what is going to be?
If I could make you understand.  If you could just be made to see it the way I do.  The way it's going to be.
Let's just say that I am out to make some radical changes.  Now come on Charles.  For old times sake, for your sake...  Leave him to me.
You definition of definitive was always a bit extreme for me, Max. What is it like these days?
Still trying to make the world safe for our kind.  Still trying to find a way to introduce ourselves -- definitively.
Is that so?
What do you want with him?
The two in Alaska.  Just how do you people manage to be in the right place at the right time?  Still tinkering with Cerebro?
Not at the cost of lives, Max.
I am trying to save our kind, Charles. You should do the same.
And I'll never understand terrorists.
I'll never understand your regard for them, Charles.
