Zulu may not wear shoes or trousers and the like but it don 't mean to say they got no brains. They'll watch us  and wait  and find our weaknesses.
Why don 't the Zulus attack?
One Zulu is only one man.. ..and I'm afeared of no one man... but the Zulu, they come in the thousands.... like a black wave of death.... in the thousands.... and them assegais.... stabbing!
You afeared of the Zulus then, Quartermaster?
Could be.  Across the river into Zululand. . They might just be waiting there for us to show up... .them stabbing assegais pointing right at our bellies!....
Will we be fighting the Zulus soo~, Quartermaster? .
So, you got it in the line of dooty.. ... point taken.
From the Cook, Sir They saw me dip your shaving tin in the tea-water this morning, made their tea taste of Lifebuoy toilet soap, they saij Handing him the bottle of gin he purloined earlier. 2t
I listened extra careful to your "Stand To" this mornin', Boy. ft was peifecL I couldn't 've done it better meseif, not even when I was Bugler to The Duke Of Wellington.. .now tell me, where did you get that black eye?
Will you hear "Last Post", Sir?
Our friend Colonel Dumford will be  should be   at this minute approaching Pulleine. I think we'll eat here. I want to scout that mountain top and be back with an appetite in one hour. .
Eleven o'clock, My LorJ 42
What o'clock is it, Mr Noggs?
My only fear is that the Zulu will avoid the engagement
So attack is your defence. Well let's hope Cetshwayo will offer his Impis full destruction.
Do not confuse yourse{fi Why? We must strike a heavy blow. This cannot be a war of manoeuvre.
If I've got it right, My Lord, you lead an invasion into Zululand, for I see it all around me, but "why?" is the question my readers will ask. "why?"
Tell what you see. Write it well, Sir, and make sure you get it right
They spurred onto high ground, My Lord, full of spirit and looking for the Zulu. Full of sport they were, My Lord.
Were they in good heart as they entered enemy territory?
Indeedldid, MyLord. Itwas one ofthe first to cross.
1 saw you lead our Cavalry sir
Excuse me, My Lord.  Norris-Newman, of "The Standard", My Lord.
An historical moment, Gentlemen.
And the threat of counter invasion no longer exists? 40
Tomorrow we will continue our advance on Ulundi. Dumford, kindly return to your unit Bring them here immediately to support Pulleine. Mr Vereker will join you as ADC. Do you understand me clearly?
I'm explaining my reasons.
Are you dictating the strategy of this war, Sir?
Intelligence? Sources of your own? Did it not occur to you they may be native rumours? Rumours to draw you off- to leave the whole ofNatal open to a possible counter thrust
I have received intelligence from, sources of my own that the Zulu Impis are moving North of here and threaten your left.
You intended to bring your reserves across the river?
My Lord.  This list was prepared for you. I don 't think another can understand its true value.
Excellent. Thank you.  Give them to Crealock, would you?
I thought it might be more effective to find someone who speaks Zulu.
Oh... indeed. Crealock, we should see that Colonel Dumford has an Officer for his hard riders. Perhaps a subaltern from the Twenty Fourth.
They come well recommended do they? DURNFORD
Sikali Horse, My Lord. Christians alL I know each one by name.
Splendid horsemanship  Who are they?
Certainly, Sin
Splendid site, Crealock, splendil I want to establish Camp here immediately.
A large party of Zulus have been sighted in the direction of the King's KraaL Getting up, CHELMSFORD moves over to look at the map on his desk.
Yes?
Thank you.
The only reports of enemy activity have come from the direction of the Royal Kraal, at Ulundi.
Our runners bare his dispatches, do they not?
Er, called Noggs, Sir Actual name is Norris-Newman. He presented credentials from "The Standard".
What's that strange name the newspaper chap's called?
But will they make good use of them?
Yes. I see you've issued each of them with a Martini Henry Carbine. Our quota for Native contingencies: one rifle to ten men and only five rounds per rifle.
Right.  Bombardier, to me please.
Well, fed or hungry, Pulleine wants them in position immediately. .
Well, my horses are feeding, as you may observe, Mr Coghill. It'll take a little while.
How quickly can you move your artillery forward?
Yes.
Stuart?
Keep steady. You're the best shots of the Twenty-Fourth. You bunch of heathens, do it
Choose your targets men. That's right Watch those markers. 55
ft could be you flatter yourself CoghilL It's that odd eye.
Well that one. The one who keeps looking at me.
Which one?
Do you think she might be interested in  someone?
Well that's typical of Her Majesty's army. Appoint an engineer to do a soldier's work.
Um. There are rumours that my Lord Chelmsford intends to make Durnford Second in Command.
Lighting COGHILL' 5 cigar: Our good Colonel Dumford scored quite a coup with the Sikali Horse.
So far only their scouts. But we have had reports of a small Impi farther north, over there. 
And I assure you, you do not In fact I'd be obliged for your best advice. What have your scouts seen?
Well I assure you, Sir, I have no desire to create difficulties. 45
I think Chelmsford wants a good man on the border Why he fears a flanking attack and requires a steady Commander in reserve.
Lord Chelmsford seems to want me to stay back with my Basutos.
I'm to take the Sikali with the main column to the river
Your orders, Mr Vereker?
Good ones, yes, Mr Vereker. Gentlemen who can ride and shoot
Colonel Durnford... William Vereker. I hear you 've been seeking Officers?
