JUST DO IT!
But I can't --
What's wrong with you?! Tell him I'm not here!
I just buzzed him in.
What do you mean "on his way up"!?
Actually, I was just checking to see if you were here - your friend Seymour is on his way up.
I-I'm not sure... yeah, maybe.
She understands what you're going through and she really wants to help you. She says that job at Computer Station is still available if you want it.
I was in a horrible mood - tell her not to worry, I'll be completely out of her life in a few days.
Yeah, I heard about that.
About what?
Are you going to yell at me?
Pumpkin, are you in there?
Well... as you know, Maxine and I have been seeing a lot of each other, and we decided it might be a good idea for all of us if she came back here to live at the end of the Summer, just so we can all get to know each other and to make sure this is what we want.
What?
I've got some important news to tell you, but it can wait till later if you're not feeling...
It's nothing -- it's just some hormonal thing... don't worry about it...
Nothing.
Pumpkin? What's wrong?
Tell her to forget it - I don't need her help.
Well, Maxine thinks she can get you a sales job at Computer Station. Normally you have to have references and at least two years of experience, but she thinks she can convince them.
I guess.
Are you still looking for a job?
What is it now?
I have some good news for you, Pumpkin.
I-I really have to get up early for class tomorrow.
I made spaghetti. Do you want some?
Hi.  Look, I'm kind of tired - I think I'll go to bed.
God, how horrifying.
Yup.
Not the Maxine?
Maxine.
YES.
Give up?
Who?
Someone from the past.
How should I know?
Guess.
Who?
Did I tell you who I ran into at the bagel place?
Look at me -- I'm not even listening to a word you're saying.
Well, I think it's good to keep all your options open. You can always enroll for the winter quarter.  You could even live here and go to the city college part time, and still get a job if you wanted to.
Look, I told you I'm not going to college.
It's tough to find a good job without any kind of training.
Will you get off my back for once?
Not if I don't find that goddamn spatula.
Nope. What are you making, pancakes?
Have you seen my blue spatula?
I can't believe this! I thought at the very least a guy like you would never pull this kind of shit on me!
Enid and I were just friends. You know... we feel comfortable around each other... she really likes my old records and...
Please tell me it isn't that teenager!
I-I honestly never intended for this to happen...
It's just that I feel like it's maybe not a good idea for us to keep going out.
What are you trying to say?
I uh... I feel that I need to uh -- there's something I feel I have to say... I uh, I've never said this to anyone before -- believe me, I've stayed in horrible relationships for years just so I wouldn't have to do this, but I uh...
Hey... so, what brings you down here?
We're almost done.  Hi. Yeah... no, it's excluded. They've already paid the earnest money... well, let them bring it up if they notice it at the final walk through. Right, great, sounds good!
Oh -- please - don't let me interrupt finish your phone call.
Seymour! Hello! What are you doing here?
Hello...
Dana! Hi!  Uh, Dana... this is Enid...
Seymour?... uh... hello... I guess I'm a little early...
Really? I never really cared for those. Why does the fat one always have to be so mean to the skinny one?
Uh, no. I missed that one. But what do I know? I like Laurel and Hardy movies.
I'm so excited to see this film - Dustoffvarnya is such a brilliant director! Did you see his last film, The Flower That Drank The Moon? It was simply glorious!
Oh, all right... Party-pooper! Just let me put a few things away.
Hey, it's nearly nine already - we're gonna have to leave now if we're going to make that movie.
No, really I --
Don't be silly, anyone can dance. Here, just follow me... watch my feet.
Uh, well, that's okay - I don't dance, heh, heh...
Oh, I just love this song! Isn't it great? Doesn't it make you want to dance? C'mon!
Was it Bosnia? I forget...  It's so sad, the tragedy of an entire country eloquently captured in the face of one little boy.  A Soul/Funk song starts up on the radio that catches her attention. She goes over and turns it up.
Yeah ... where is this? Bosnia?
Here we are... it's mocha mint from Lickety Splits. Oh, isn't that photograph just heart-rending?
Oh I love to cook. I guess most women wouldn't invite a man over on the first date, but I believe you should trust your instincts. When I talked to you on the phone you just seemed so... I don't know... harmless. Ready for ice cream?
That was great - jeez, thanks again for cooking all this.
I'm sorry, Enid - you have to be an official high school graduate before I can nominate you.  I had to give it to someone else...  But I'm sure next year I can --
But... can I still get that scholarship to the Art Academy?
Well they're forcing me to give you a non-passing grade in the class because of what happened at the exhibition... but don't worry -- I'm sure I'll be able to get you your diploma in the Fall!
Help me what?
Oh my goodness... well, the whole thing is just ridiculous, and as soon as the school board is back in session next Fall I'm going to do everything I can to help you.
I didn't check my messages...
Didn't Principal Jaffee call you?
Huh?
The whole business with the art show and the newspaper -- it's absolutely --
What do you mean?
Enid! I'm so sorry about what happened.
Let me know as soon as you can, Enid. This could be a great thing for you.
I...
Well, yes...
I dunno... Would I have to take classes and stuff?
So what do you think?
...wow...
As far as I know it includes housing and meals and everything... it is really quite an offer...
Hmm.
Well, I know this is really short notice, but I got a call from a very close friend at the Academy of Art & Design and she tells me that I'm allowed to place one student from your graduating class in a one year scholarship program... and, well, I hope you don't mind, Enid, but I took the liberty of submitting your name.
I'm not really sure - working, I guess...
Don't worry - it's nothing bad. I was just wondering what your plans were for next year?
Uh-oh.
Enid, can I talk to you for a minute?
I'm not sure... I mean...  I guess because when we see something like this it seems really shocking and we have to figure out why it's so shocking?
And how does an image like this help us to see that?
It's complicated... I guess I'm trying to show how racism used to -- more out in the open and now it's hidden, or something...
And how do you think this addresses the subject of racism?
Well, no - it's more like a "found art object."
Did you actually do this painting?
Well, I got the idea when I was doing some research and I discovered that Cook's Chicken used to be called Coon's Chicken, and so I decided to do my project based on this discovery as kind of a comment on racism... and the way racism is whitewashed over in our culture...
These are all valid comments, but I think we should see if the artist has anything to bring to this.
I see... interesting...
I dunno... I just like Don Knotts.
And what was your reason for choosing him as your subject?
It's supposed to be Don Knotts.
Who is this, Enid?
Enid. It's sort of like a diary I guess.
And what can you tell us about this... 
Jesus...
It's not optional!
But I feel weird... it's so sleazy.
Well lose it! And why aren't you pushing the large sizes? Didn't you get training about upsizing?
What? I'm just kidding around with the customers... It's my shtick!
What the hell is wrong with you?!
Okay, okay... I won't say a word...
Look, we don't pay you to be a movie critic -- just do your job.
But I was only trying to be friendly...
Look, that's the policy... if you want to make up your own rules you can open your own theater...
Why? What difference does it make? You already got his money...
What are you doing? You don't ever criticize the feature!
You can count on me, sir!
I'm gonna let you handle the four thirty crowd by yourself - that way I can evaluate your performance while it's slow and ease you into the bigger crowds.
Are you ready to go?
Hey Josh.
Hi Enid.
Just take my word for it... if she ever finds out about this I'll never hear the end of it...
Okay... I promise.
Because if you do, I'll kill you!
Why not?
I don't think we should... Look, you have to totally promise me you won't tell Becky about this.
Do you want to go get breakfast somewhere?
I couldn't sleep... I should get going; I feel really weird...
How long have you been up?
Why do all guys have to play stupid guitars? It's so typical... Either they're into cars or guns or sports or guitars... it's so obvious...
Oh, hi...
Why do you have that stupid poster?
You must have known all along how I -- you know -- how I felt about you -- it must be totally obvious...  God... I always used to dream about this...
It's just my stupid way of getting attention! God, I practically love you, Josh!
Yeah, well --
That's just the way I am!
You make me nervous! I always feel like you're going out of your way to make me feel uncomfortable so you can laugh at me!
You've never once said anything even remotely nice to me.
When did I say I hated you?
Then why do you hate me so much?
Nothing.
"Yeah, right"... well why not?  What's so wrong with me?
Yeah, right...
Are you trying to get me wasted so you can take advantage of my womanly charms?
What do you mean "why"?
Why?
Do you want something to drink?
I guess.
Are you the one who left that note?
Can I come in?
Hi... what's up?
Yeah, well... hi...
I just stopped in to say hi.
Hi.
Hi Josh.
You need counseling.
But this guy is like a one-of-kind, rare butterfly, and we have to follow him back to his natural habitat...
No.
Come on, Josh... don't you want to see where he lives?
Forget it.
Oh my God, that's HIM!
Jesus, look at this guy.
I figured something like that...
In answer to your question, I suppose I endorse policies that are opposed to stupidity and violence and cruelty in any form...
That's not him... Jesus, stop freaking me out.
No, I'm serious. Give us your whole basic philosophy in a nutshell.
Yeah, right.
SHH! He's back there. I can see his hair bobbing up and down.
So, where's "Weird Al"?
This is the ultimate. It's like the Taj Mahal of bad, fake 50's diners.
Aren't there a million places like this?
It's just an excuse for us to spend time with you.
Why do you even need a ride? You could walk there in two minutes.
No.
So Josh, will you give us a ride? Please? Pretty please? It's going to be super fun!
Who, Doug? He spends more time here than I do...
That guy rules!
Look, can we talk in a minute? I'm almost done.
So Josh...
I'm afraid I don't understand. I simply wish to know --
Look, I'll be done in a minute. Just wait outside.
What can you tell me, young man, about the various flavors of "frozen yogurt"?
Look, I already told you I'm not going to give you a ride.
Well hello there, young employee of the Sidewinder.
It just came yesterday...
Wow... finally.
Maybe an orange juice.
Do you want anything?
Actually, he's a really nice guy.
You're lucky then, you can't see the veins on that guy's biceps.
Oh, hi... I almost didn't recognize you -- I think I need to get glasses; you're all blurry!
Hi.
Make sure you're here by noon - we have tons of stuff to do... Oh yeah! I have to show you something else!
I dunno...
What time?
I'm gonna finish packing tonight... I'll bring it over tomorrow sometime.
That's all you're bringing?
There.
So where's all your stuff?
It's fine.
So, whaddya think?
I'll get a job tomorrow, I promise. If I don't, you can totally tell me to fuck off.
But how are you gonna pay rent and everything? You don't even have a job.
Of course it's a good idea... it's our plan.
I don't know - I'm not sure it's a good idea.
Please let me come with you. Please please please...
I don't know... I was thinking maybe I should live alone. I decided to rent that place we looked at. I'm moving in next week.
I'm sorry about the other day. I don't know what's wrong with me... I really do want to move in with you.
I need to talk to you.
Hello?
FUCK YOU! Have fun living with your dad for the rest of your life!
You're the one who's still living out some stupid seventh-grade fantasy!
You're the psycho! You haven't been able to deal with anything since high school ended!
Because you'll freak out and act like a total psycho about it.
There's something wrong with every single place we look at! Why don't you just come right out and tell me you don't want to move in with me?!
Well, what am I supposed to say? "I can't wait to live in some depressing shit-hole in the middle of nowhere"?!
Oh yeah, I can tell you really love it!
I said "great"...
What?! It looks totally normal... what's wrong with it?
Great...
Twenty-seven fifty-three... do you see it?  That must be it...
I don't know! God, don't act so jealous I only talked to him for two minutes.
When was this?
Nothing.
Why? What did he say?
He came into work.
What? When did you see Josh?!
Josh says this is a really good neighborhood...
I just mean it's weird to me... I've never been anywhere near here in my life.
It's a totally normal, average neighborhood!
Where are we? This is a weird neighborhood...
Yeah well, you said you were busy... look, I'd better get going... I'll call you tomorrow.
I don't believe you.
Just some people from work...
What are you talking about? Who?
Actually, I'm just about to go out with some friends...
So should I come over?
How repulsive!
I can't believe it - he actually scored!
What happened to Seymour?
Do you still want to do something tonight?
Hello?
God, I'm so sick of Seymour.
Oh yeah... maybe... Seymour's going on his big date tonight and I kind of want to be around when he calls, so I can hear how bad it went.
That guy's band is playing tonight... Alien Autopsy.
What thing?
Do you still want to go to that thing tonight?
You're insane.
You don't have to. I'll pay for all the stuff right now and you can pay me back when you finally get a job.
I can't imagine spending money on towels.
Don't you want nice stuff?
Why do you care about this kind of stuff?
I'm sick of waiting - we need to start getting stuff if we're ever going to move.  Aren't these the greatest towels?
I can't afford stuff like this right now.
Look, we have to get these...
No matter what happened it would be a big disaster... Let's just try and keep everything the way it is.
Yeah, but maybe one of us should at least try...
I thought we decided that Josh was way too cool to be interested in sex, and that he's the only decent person left in the world and we would never want to bring him down to our level and all that...
I am not -- I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do...
God, you're really obsessed...
No, really...
Go ahead...
I think one of us should fuck Josh...
Yeah, I guess... call me...
Well, are we still going shopping tomorrow?
I can't, it's Seymour's birthday...  Shit! What time is it?  I have to go to the store! I was going to make him a cake...
Do you want to do something tonight?
Yeah, thanks.
If it makes you feel any better, I don't think you could've gotten more than ten bucks for all this stuff.
Don't worry.
Now are you going to get a regular job?
Oh yeah right, like I'm gonna let some asshole with a goatee own Goofy Gus.
What was that all about? I thought everything must go!
Oh my god, I remember this hat... this was during your little old lady phase...
Fuck it. Everything must go!
This is it? I can't believe you're selling some of this stuff.
I told you - my manager was a total asshole! Don't worry, I'm going to get another job... and anyway, I have some ideas for how to make money in the meantime...
What are you talking about? What kind of loser gets fired after one day?!
We were such desperate sluts back then.
I remember our big plan was as soon as we got the apartment we were going to trick Daniel Dusentrieb into coming over and then fuck him.
That must have been when my dad was married to Maxine...
Seventh... you wanted to move out right then!
Wasn't it like eighth grade?
Anyway, now we can start looking for the apartment...  Do you remember when we first came up with that whole idea of renting our own apartment?
I dunno, but next week is my last class...
When are you finally going to get your diploma?
Yeah, maybe it'll be okay. At least I'll get to see every movie for free, I guess... I had to lie and tell them I already graduated...
Are you kidding? It's a dream job! I can't believe you got a job like that without even trying... God, I wish that was my job...
Get away from me!
...maybe we should be lesbos...
Haven't you heard about the miracle of masturbation?
That's not true, I just hate all these obnoxious, extroverted, pseudo- bohemian losers!  Sometimes I think I act so weird because I'm crazy from sexual frustration.
Face it, you hate every single boy on the face of the earth!
Yeah, right... Believe me, at this point I'm over the fact that every single guy likes you better than me!
You're just jealous.
He's like the biggest idiot of all time!
He gives me a total boner!
Which one?
You're gross.  See that guy?
Or maybe... did you ever think that deep down we really might be lesbos? Maybe that's why we spend so much time together.
You hang out with me because nobody else can stand to be around you.
I wonder if I hang around with you because you're like my surrogate mother figure or something. Like I have this subconscious biological need to be nagged and bitched at constantly.
...you don't have to make a million dollars -- just get any stupid job so we can at least start looking for an apartment.
God, I can't believe you went to Anthony's without me.
Nothing. Don't worry... I promise I'll get a job next week.
Like what?
I'm working on it... I've got a few leads... it's just that right now I have, all these projects that take up all my time.
Yeah, well...  So when are you going to get your job?
But those are our people...
No, it doesn't. You'll see... you get totally sick of all the creeps and losers and weirdos.
That rules!
He's a total asshole... He doesn't even need that wheelchair, he's just totally lazy!
At least the wheelchair guy is sort of entertaining...
I don't know... Some people are okay, but mostly I feel like poisoning everybody.
God, how can you stand all these assholes?
He does that every single day.
That guy is totally amazing.
You cunt!
Just now... I went with Seymour.
No way... when?
Anthony's II!
Where?
You won't believe it! Guess!
Where did you get that?
Give me all your money, bitch!
Wait...
I'll be right back, I'm gonna go get a beer.
Aw c'mon, this is a fun party.
I totally, totally hate you.
If I promise you there's really a party with a lot of guys, do you promise you'll go?
I don't believe you.
It's a surprise.
What? Where?!
I know a party we could go to...
We have to do something fun tonight this is my last weekend of freedom before I start my stupid job.
Let's get out of here, this place makes me sick.
Forget it. I'm sure it sucks. All these movies suck.
How about this?
God, aren't you tired of Seymour yet?
This morning at Seymour's garage sale.
Ew ... when did you get that?
Hey, you have to see my new good luck charm.
How about this one?
Everybody's too stupid!
I didn't get it either.
It's not like I'm some modern Punk dickhead... It's obviously supposed to be a 1977 Punk look, but I guess Johnny Fuckface is too stupid to get it!
What was that all about?
It'll only take a second.
Why are we going here? I hate this place.
Should we leave a note?
Yeah, he's beyond human stuff like that.
I'll bet he never jerks off...
JOSH!
JOSH!
Why don't you ask him.
I wonder if he's just totally insane and he really thinks a bus is coming or --
Waiting for the bus that never comes...
As always.
There he is...
"Hassle"?
Let's go hassle Josh.
Where are we going?
I bet they have tons of incredible shoes hidden in the back.
It's always closed...
We still have to go in there sometime.
Fuck you, bitch!
Did you have to buy new hair dye or did you still have some left over from eighth grade?
What? How long have you been standing there?
Okay, okay, I promise... Jesus, you're out of your mind.
Just promise you'll do it.
You just want an excuse to dress like some stupid fashion model without me making fun of you.
That's who people want to rent to. It's a known fact that it's way easier to get a job and everything if you're rich... All we have to do is buy a few semi-expensive outfits and act like it's no big deal... it'll be fun.
What are you talking about?
I've been thinking about when we look for our apartment how we have to try and convince people that we're like these totally rich yuppies...
What, is she black now?
"Funky"?
Somewhere downtown.
We're not sure yet, that's why we're looking.
Forget it, I can't explain it...
Not really...
Yeah, but... you know what I mean.
That guy is many things but he definitely isn't "cool"... This one would be okay, but there's no kitchen...
I dunno... I kind of like him... He's the exact opposite of everything I really hate... In a way he's such a clueless dork that he's almost cool...
He should totally just kill himself... Hey, here's one  ...Oh wait...  you have to share it with a non smoking feminist and her two cats...
Oh yeah...
What about the "striking redhead in the yellow dress"?
It was so cute how he had his own little bags. I thought I was going to start crying!... Do you think they're gay?
He was so excited when you bought that record -- you're a saint!... God, these apartments are super expensive...
I know... I still can't get over that his name was "Seymour."
That was truly pathetic.
Ew, it's like some gross rat...
I think it's cute - look at his little weasel teeth.
Gross!
Ew, look at this...
Come on, it's too late now...
What should we do? What if he recognizes us?
Bingo!
The W.C. Fields Fan Club Newsletter...  Oh my God, The National Psoriasis Foundation!
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again.
He won't see us... we'll just stalk him from a distance.
This is way too creepy.
This kind of thing must happen to him all the time.
I know... wouldn't you be totally pissed off?
He doesn't even look that bummed out, really.
We should follow him home.
He's insane!
Totally! Look!
Are you sure?
I dunno...
Do you think he knows?
He's still just sitting there. God, this is totally unbearable!
What's he doing now?
Oh my god, he just ordered a giant glass of milk!
What's going on now? What's he doing?
I can't believe it!
It's obviously him!
What exactly is a cardigan anyway?
Is he wearing a green cardigan?
She says she wants to MMPH!
SHUT UP!
I'm going to tell him you said that.
I want to "make love" to him.
It's still twenty-five minutes early.
Look, maybe that's him!
Yeah, Josh, c'mon... MOVE IT!
I know, look at the way he drives... he's like an old man.
God, I think Josh is too mature for us.
Shh, it's his answering machine...  We hear the indistinct traces of a musical message followed by a faint BEEP.
What does it stand for?
I remember when I first started reading these I thought DWF stood for "dwarf!"
You're better at it.
Why do I always have to do it?
You call.
Oh yeah.
You know, the green cardigan guy.
Which loser?
Hey! We forgot to call the loser!
Fuck you!
That Larry guy -- what look was he going for? A gay tennis player from the forties?
What are you talking about -- who?
I bet! Actually he reminds me of that one creep you went out with -- you always go for guys with some lame, fake shtick.
I want to do him!
No, she was the second wife. The third one was the super-bitch - Maxine.  There! Look at her!
I can never keep them all straight - was she the super-bitch?
There's my dad with Joanie.
I remember every minute of that party.
Look, that's back when I hated you.
What a little hosebag.
Look at how cute I am!
I've been looking all over for this.
You lent it to me in like tenth grade.
Hey - why do you have this?
I dunno. John Ellis always puts on all this sick stuff that I have to fast-forward past to get to the good stuff.  There's supposed to be a Don Knotts movie on here someplace.
What is this?
Wait... I just want to see what's on this tape.
So what should we do?
Isn't it weird? It's her favorite.
Does Oomie really like this show?
Oh, we totally have to.
We should call him and pretend to be the redhead.
I know. And he's like psychotically obsessing over every little detail.
God, that's so pathetic. I bet she didn't even notice him.
Jesus! Listen to this one: "Do you remember me? Airport shuttle, June 7th. You: striking redhead with yellow dress, pearl necklace, brown shoes. I was the bookish fellow in the green cardigan who helped you find your contact lens. Am I crazy, or did we have a moment?"
Gross.
Okay, well here's yours...  "Who said all the most eligible bachelors are taken? Not this one! Stunning bod, very snugglelicious ocean sunset dreamer."
You can have that one.
God, this paper is so boring. Who reads all this shit?  Here we go...  "Windsurfing Doctor, Mensan IQ, maverick Sagittarius. Let's hit the clubs, make each other laugh!"
Check out the Personals... maybe our future husbands are trying to contact us.
What does that even mean?
I know... and instead of "dessert" it says "Mindbenders."
Did you notice all those weird things on the menu? Like "The Salad Explosion"?
You loser!
I might actually get the pasta special.
Can we call you "Weird Al"?
Hi, Al!
I feel as though I've stepped into a time warp!
Who can forget this great hit from the 50's?
God, it's so totally pathetic.
"Authentic 50's diner"? Since when were there mini-malls in the 1950's?
Hey, look at this...
Okay, okay!
Maybe they're slowly poisoning us or they're planning to brainwash us and --
Or maybe not.
Maybe there's some weird secret satanic society that meets at the Quality Cafe and all of the other regular customers are in on it except for us.
That lets us off the hook.
You know, sacrifice virgins and stuff...
What do you do if you're a satanist, anyway?
In fact, never.
Much later.
We should follow them!
Hey, look, the satanists are leaving!
I know, it hasn't really hit me yet.
God, it's so weird that we're finally out of high school... We've been waiting for this our whole life! Now we can get our own apartment and do anything we want.  It's such a weird feeling.
Yeah, I just picked the one that sounded the easiest.
Did you sign up yet?
Soon... I have to wait and see how this Summer class goes.
So, when are we going to start looking for our apartment?
Just look at them!
Why?
Look at these people behind you. I'm totally convinced they're Satanists.
Hi.
God, think about that... that's actually totally depressing.
Good.
God, just think, we'll never see Dennis again.
He better watch out or he'll get AIDS when he date-rapes her.
How perfect.
Oh my god, look! Is Stacy Himmler going out with Rod Harbaugh?
I know, she needs to die immediately.
Since when is she an "actress"?
Forget it...
What? Why?
Uh oh... don't turn around...
Shut up!
Unless they're in your Summer school class!
Just think, we'll never have to see any of these creepy faces ever again.
This is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again...
This is so bad, it's almost good.
You loser.
Remember that stupid hippie art teacher who failed me sophomore year? I didn't think that just because you get an "F" that means you have to take the class over again.
Why?
These assholes are saying that I have to go to Summer school and take some stupid art class!
What?
What?... Oh suck my fucking dick!
It's totally sickening.  Let's see if they gave me the right diploma...
I know, I liked her better when she was an alcoholic crack addict! She gets in one car wreck and all of a sudden she's Little Miss Perfect and everybody loves her.
I thought Chipmunk-face was never going to shut up.
God, what a bunch of retards...
See, that's exactly the kind of thing we're trying to avoid. 
Well I'm going to major in Business Administration and, I think, minor in Communications.
What are you going to be when you grow up, Todd?
Just because.
Really? Both of you?... Why not?
We're not.
Oh, hey Enid...  So... we finally made it!
What about me? Am I not even here?
I love this place... it's so - you know, "funky."
Well, we won't keep you.
My acting workshop is across the street from here. I'm just on my break.
What are you doing here, Melorra?
Oh my god, what are you guys doing here?
Well, bye you guys... CONGRATULATIONS!
Oh yeah, that'll definitely happen...
I'm going to be in this actor's workshop, and I'm hoping to start going on auditions soon. I'm so excited to finally have some free time. We have to get together this summer!
Nothing.
So what are you guys doing this Summer?
Yeah, we graduated high school -- how totally amazing.
Oh my God, you guys! I can't believe we made it!
Listen, young lady... I know you don't like me -- I don't really care whether you do or not -- but I will not allow you to treat your father the way you do.
Oh yeah, like he even noticed.
I want to know what you think you're doing, staying out all night and worrying your father to death!
Shhh!
May I ask what you're doing?
I'm taking a remedial high school art class for fuck-ups and retards.
It's really quite something to see you all grown up like this, Enid.  I'd love to hear about what you're doing. I can't help but feel that I had some small part in how you turned out...  What are you studying? You were always such a smart little girl.
Where did you get those pants?
Don't mind me, I'll just be in my room.
It's kind of falling apart.
I'm thinkin' maybe I could let it go...
I thought it wasn't for sale.
You still interested in that?
Him. Seymour. He's the man with the records.
Who does?
Seymour does.
Do you have any other old records besides these?
That's okay...
Perhaps the "Jam-in-ator" appeals to you.  Absolutely no practice necessary.  You shread like a giant. Just press a button.
Umm... That's not officially for sale... I might have to hang onto that for the time being.
How much is this?
A mongoose... they eat snakes... you never heard of a mongoose?  That's a classic piece of vintage taxidermy. Nobody alive today knows how to do work like that.
A what?
Get a job!
Go die, asshole!
I'm so sorry if you were offended!
That tape sucked, by the way!
Oh, how "punk."
Yeah yeah yeah. Do you have my money?
That's not even --
If you really want to "fuck up the system" - you should go to business school -- that's what I'm gonna do: get a job at some big corporation and fuck things up from the inside!
I know it's over, asshole, I --
Punk rock is over!
Tell me what?
Didn't they tell you?
You don't know what you're talking about.
I hate to tell you this but they cancelled this bus line two years ago... There are no buses on this street.
Yes.
...are you waiting for a bus?
Norman.
Hi... what's your name?
Later, "Dude".
Hey, where are you going?
Thanks for the tape - I'll have to pay you later, I'm broke.
Fuck you, you stupid redneck hick!
Tsk! You Jews are so clever with money...
I did too!
You never paid me for that tape with the Indian dance routine.
Did you bring that tape?
Fine, and how are you?
You're late, asshole.
Well, if it isn't Enid and Rebecca, the little Jewish girl and her Aryan friend.
God, fuck you!
Why do you even want it? It would look stupid on you.
Well why do I care about that?
I was wearing that dress the day I lost my virginity.
You're crazy -- it should be like two dollars!
Five hundred.
What?
That's five hundred dollars.
I can treat him any way I want to - I'm an adult! Leave me alone!
I really want to talk to you. I've been thinking about what you said about moving in here...
Shhh... I really need to get some sleep.
But, I...
I was just thinking out loud...  I mean, you've got this whole thing with Dana -- I'm not going to let you fuck that up...
You must know I always... did you really mean all that about moving in with me?
Yeah, well... me neither...
I-I never expected anything like this to happen...
No... forget it...
I will if you want to.
What?... Maybe... no... I dunno...
...Do you really want us to drive away somewhere?
God, Dana's going to kill you!
What's the matter with you, Seymour? Don't you like me? Be a man for once in your life!
I-I-I...
What do you want?
What do you want?
I'm serious! I'm just so sick of everybody! Why can't I just do whatever I want?
I dunno, I...
Who cares? Let's just go... what's stopping us?
So where would we go?
I'll drive, then -- we'll go out in a blaze of glory!
I don't think I'm in any condition to drive.
You know what we should do? Let's go get in your car right now and just take off! We could just drive away and find some new place and start a whole new life... fuck everybody!
Sounds like a healthy way to deal with your problems.
It would have to be some totally average day when nobody was expecting it, and I'd just disappear and they'd never see me again.
I guess I probably used to when I was your age.
I used to think about one day not telling anybody and just taking off and going to some random place... Do you ever think about stuff like that?
What?
You know what my number one fantasy used to be?
Yeah, well I like you too...
Oh yeah... and Dana...  You were a lot more fun before you met Dana. You've been acting way too normal lately... you're a bitter, twisted, fucked-up guy, Seymour, that's why I like you.
What about Joe?
...Maybe I should just move in here with you... I could do all the cooking and dust your record collection and stuff until I get a job.
Yeah, sure. Of course.
I dunno... I always feel like everybody secretly hates me. I'm just paranoid I guess. I mean, you like me don't you? We're good friends, right?
I mean... of course I... why wouldn't I want to go out with you?
Yeah, but still... it's kind of insulting for a girl to be ignored like that.
You're a beautiful young girl... I can't imagine you would ever have had any interest in me, except as an amusingly cranky eccentric curiosity.
How come in all that time I was trying to get you a date, you never asked me out?
I hate sports.
At least you're not like every other stupid guy in the world - all they care about are guitars and sports... they're all such fags!
I'm just being realistic.
What are you talking about? You're disappointed every minute of your life.
If you expect the worst, you're never disappointed.
That's great! "Half-empty" - that's what I like about you, Seymour, you're a natural pessimist!
God, she's going to kill me... this bottle is half-empty!
Jesus, how can you stand her?
Dana bought it when we went antique shopping. She said it didn't go with her stuff, so she gave it to me... she thought it fit in better with my "old time thingamajigs."
Where did you get this?
I could never move - I've got too much stuff.
You need a bigger place - this is like a little kid's room.
FUCK DANA. I'm sick of Dana.
That's Dana's - I'm supposed to be saving it for our two-month anniversary. You better not --
What about this?
Uh... I think there's some root beer...
Do you have anything to drink?
What's the matter?
Look, I just need somebody to be nice to me for five minutes and then I'll leave you alone.
Uh... sure... come in.
Can you at least let me in?
What's up?
I had to see you.
What are you doing here?
Nothing. Don't worry, I won't bother you any more.
...What do you mean?
I don't think you understand how I really feel about you, Seymour.
I don't know... I'm sorry, but Dana's a very jealous person. I just don't want to screw that up right now... I'm sure she'll dump me soon and we can go back to being friends...
In whatever way you think I mean.
In what way do you mean?
So, do you like me, Seymour?
No, of course not.
Does that mean you don't like me?
I... I don't think so.
You must have done something to make her think you like me.
Just someone so young...
What does she mean by that - "somebody like me"?
No, no... not exactly... she just doesn't understand how I would know somebody like you...
What's her problem anyway?  Did she actually tell you you couldn't see me?
No, of course I do... It's just that right now I need to --
So that's it? You don't ever want to see me again?
Well, you know... what do I know about clothes... I've never been the most fashionable guy -- it's nice to have someone do all the work for me...
And you like them?
Oh, uh... they were a present from Dana.
It's just that, well, you know, Dana just got out of a really bad relationship and I don't want to give her the wrong idea... you know...
Well when can we do something?
I... I wish I could, Enid, but I really can't right now... I -- it's just that I --
Well forget the art show... let's do something else.
...I better not...
Of course you should. C'mon, I'm already a million hours late.
I... I don't know. I don't really think I should...
I'm going to this stupid art show and I want you to be my date... There's something I have to show you...
Maybe... I dunno... He wants to be, of course. I'm weighing several offers at the present time...
...so... is he your boyfriend now?
I dunno... okay, I guess...  I fucked that guy Josh finally...
I-I'm sorry... uh so... uh... how --
Aren't you even going to ask me how I'm doing?
No... no, it's just that I should get going in a few minutes, and --
What, are you trying to get rid of me?
We really should get together sometime soon... I-I'll definitely call you this week --
Sounds good...
Sort of... she doesn't dislike any of that stuff... she's trying, anyway... actually, we're supposed to go antique shopping for her apartment this afternoon...
So, what kind of stuff do you guys do together? Is she into old records and stuff?
Oh... pretty well, surprisingly... you know...
Yeah, I'll bet! So, how's it going with what's-her-name? Dana?
I know, I'm sorry... I-I've been really busy...
No, actually Joe told me you were here... so how come you never call me anymore?
Really?
Where have you been? I've been looking all over for you... I've been wandering the streets day and night trying to find you...
YAAA!
Boo!
Jesus, Enid... I'll talk to you later... bye!
What, are you going to like have sex with her on your first date?
Yeah, so I better go -- it's not really the best time to talk...
What? You're kidding me...
Actually, it's kind of still happening... she's over here right now... I think everything's going pretty well...
So, what happened?
Oh, hi...
Hi, it's me...
Uh... hello?
Well, uh... I'm an expert-about stuff like this -- she was totally for real!
How can you be so sure?
Seymour! I promise you that wasn't a joke -- you have to call her back!
Uh yeah. A long time ago... she called before once... it's just somebody trying to humiliate me.
That didn't sound like a joke to me... what, did you write a personal ad or something?
It's just somebody's idea of a joke...
Wow!  What was that all about?
Let the machine get it. I have no desire to talk to anyone who would be calling me...
Aren't you going to get that?
Who knows?
I wonder if you really like all these old records or if you only like the fact that nobody else likes them?
I won't even dignify that with a response.
Never mind, it's way too complicated...  Did you have problems like this when you were my age - where you're totally confused all the time?
Why?
Oh wait, you met him... remember that guy Josh? I'm like practically obsessed with him, but I can't do anything about it because Becky would freak out.
Oh yeah?
Actually, I've got a total crush on this one guy right now, but it's a really fucked-up situation...
Then again, that's easy for me to say, since I'll never even get a date. I'm sure you have hundreds of guys who are interested in you.
I know. It's not like it makes all your problems go away.
I'm starting to think that even if I did get a girlfriend it really wouldn't change anything.
Never...
Really?
I mean, I'm eighteen years old and I've never even had a real, steady boyfriend for more than like two weeks!
That's the spirit!
Yeah, well, you're not the only one. Everybody I know has totally fucked up problems... It seems like only stupid people have good relationships...
Maybe now you understand why I can't get a date.
What, like a girdle?
Oh... uh... It's just this elastic thing I have to wear for lumbar support...
What is that?
It's just my stupid back. I'll be all right in a minute...
Are you okay?
Arrrghhh! Ah Jeez... Christ...
No, Doofus... blow it out!
Oh... uh, thanks a lot Enid... I really appreciate it...
You can open your eyes now.
Don't you trust me, Seymour?
I dunno... they're very sensitive at work about all this stuff. Maybe it would be better if you --
I promise I'll take good care of it.
What? Why?
Hey, can I borrow this?
No, in a lot of ways things are better now... I dunno... it's complicated. Everybody still hates each other, but they know how to hide it better, or something...
So, I don't really get it -- are you saying that things were better back then  even though there was stuff like this?
I make enough money to eat and buy old records... what more do I want?
Yeah, but still...
Hey, I get good benefits, a good early retirement plan, nobody ever bothers me...
Jesus, I'd go nuts if I had to work in an office all day.
Nothing so glamorous... actually, I'm an assistant manager at their corporate headquarters.
What are you, a fry cook or something?
For nineteen years...
You work at Cook's Chicken?
Actually, I was a whole lot more interested in the Cook's phenomenon when I was about your age. I've kind of lost interest since I've been working for them...
Yeah, well "Cook's" is just a made up name. When they originally opened back in 1922 they were named "The Coon Chicken Inn" -- that's an early painting of their first logo.
"Four-piece Cook's special deep fried with side n' slaw it's OUT RAY-GEOUS"!
Yeah, right, I'm a klansman - thanks a lot!... Do you know the Cook's Chicken franchise?
What, are you a klansman or something?
What?... Oh that... I borrowed that from work about fifteen years ago... I guess it's mine now.
What the fuck, Seymour?! What is this?
I dunno... because I can't stand the idea of a world where a guy like you can't get a date...
If you don't mind my asking -- why do you care so much if I get a date or not?
Wow, this is so cool...
"Yet."
It doesn't matter, I'm not staying long... I just want to make sure I convince you not to give up yet.
I'm not sure I have anything to drink... there might be some --
Hooray for me.
I'd rather end up like you than those people at that stupid bar...  At least you're an interesting person... at least you're not exactly like everybody else...
But it's not totally hopeless for you... I've had it. I don't even have the energy to try anymore.  You should make sure you do the exact opposite of everything I do so you don't end up like me...
Yeah, well, I can't relate to humanity either, but I don't think it's totally hopeless...
Yeah, well it's simple for everybody else - give 'em a Big Mac and a pair of Nikes and they're happy! I just can't relate to 99.9% of humanity.
It's not hopeless...
Look, I really appreciate your help, Enid, but let's face it, this is hopeless.
We just need to figure out a place where you can meet somebody who isn't a total idiot, that's all.
Now I remember why I haven't gone anywhere in months. I'm not even in the same universe as those creatures back there. I might as well be from another planet.
Jesus...
I told her you were a big record executive and you were thinking of signing that band to your label.
What did you tell that girl?
Just wait here.
Wait a minute! Hang on! Jesus, I gotta think of something to talk to her about. No! No...
Well, offer her a seat! You want me to do it?
Yes, that would certainly do...
Jesus, Seymour.
What are we, in slow motion here?! What are ya, hypnotized? Have some more kids, why don't you?... For Christ's sake, would you move!?
I'm not holding my breath in that department.
This bar's going to be packed with girls for you to pick from.
I brought it for him to autograph. He's going to be amazed to see it - it's one of two known copies... I can't believe they have him for the opening act and not the headliner. What an insult!
So, why did you bring this along?
That thing is just so shrill and piercing and loud - it's like someone jabbing me in the face!  KFTO comin' atchya on this beautiful evening...
Relax, Seymour, relax...
C'mon, Seymour, please?
Uh, I don't have much money with me right now.
These are older women just dressed up to look young... I think.
Look at this -- "Lollipop Lolitas" - isn't child pornography totally illegal?
OH MY GOD!
Shh!
Wow! Look at all these creeps!
Fine, I'll go by myself then...
I really don't think it's a good idea.
PLEASE? We have to!
I don't think so...
We'll just go in for one minute -- it'll be a riot!
I - I'd really rather not...
Please, Seymour... Becky and I have been dying to go in here but we can't get any boys to take us...  Please?
Yeah, sure... very funny....
Oh my god! We have to go in here!
Well are --
Josh? He's nobody's boyfriend... He's just this guy that Becky and I like to torture.
So is that your boyfriend?
Let's just say "music" - that way you only use up one...  Wait, we have to go in here for a second...
Well, let's see... I guess I'd have to put Traditional Jazz, Blues, and Ragtime music at the top of the list, then probably...
Yeah yeah yeah... Just tell me your five main interests, in order of importance.
Maybe I don't want to meet someone who shares my interests.  I hate my interests! Where can I go to meet the exact opposite of myself?
We need to narrow this down somehow... we need to find a place where you can meet women who share your interests.
I mean as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive...
Every guy has a type!
I'm just not one of those guys who has a "type"...
C'mon Seymour, I'm trying to collect data here! Don't you want me to find you your perfect dream girl?
Jesus!
Okay, what about this one? Are you into girls with big tits?
I really didn't get a good look at her.
But putting that aside for now, would you go out with her?
I don't know, what kind of question is that? I mean it's totally irrelevant because a girl like that would never be caught dead with me...
What about her? Would you go out with her?
Jesus! That's very nice of you Enid but I - I really --
Mark my words, by the end of this summer you'll be up to your neck in pussy!
I appreciate the offer but you really don't --
I mean it -- You leave everything to me -- I'm going to be your own personal dating service!
Yeah, well...
I'm totally serious!
Good luck...
No really... I guarantee I could get you a date in like two seconds...
Oh, right...
I'm talking to you... I'll bet there are tons of women who would go out with you in a minute!
Yeah right... If I'm so cool, why haven't I had a girlfriend in four years? I can't even remember the last time a girl talked to me.
No you're not! You're a cool guy, Seymour.
You think it's healthy to obsessively collect things? You can't connect with other people so you fill your life with stuff...  I'm just like all the rest of these pathetic collector losers.
Oh, come on! What are you talking about?
Please... go ahead and kill me! This stuff doesn't make you happy, believe me.
God, look at this poster!  I can't believe this room! You're the luckiest guy in the world! I'd kill to have stuff like this!
I have about fifteen hundred 78s at this point. I've tried to pare down my collection to the essential...
Wow! This is like my dream room! Are these all records!
Yeah, well sure... you can if you want to... it's just I don't want all these guys in there at once... you know...
Really? Can I see it?
Oh God no. This is just junk I have for sale or trade. The record room is off-limits.
You're right about that.  So this is your record collection?
I... I didn't think you would have any interest in this get together... I mean if you had told me you were coming I would have warned you -- it's not like a real party or anything.
What was all that stuff about enlarged holes and tight cracks?
Hey, I was only kidding!
NO!!!
Oops! I dropped it!
Watch my stuff.
Yeah, sure, I guess...
Do you want to see it? I can run upstairs and get it...
Wow!
The Skip James record? Yeah, that's a masterpiece. There are no other records like that! I actually have the original 78 of it in my collection. It's one of maybe five known copies.
Yeah, that's good too... the whole record was good, but that one song, "Devil Got My Woman" -- I mostly just keep playing that one over and over... Do you have any other records like that?
So you really liked it? Yeah, there's some really rare performances. You liked that Memphis Minnie, huh?
Yeah, it took a while before I got a chance to play it, but when I heard that song it was like --
Okay.
A dollar seventy-five.
How much is it?
Wow!
This track alone by Memphis Minnie is worth about $500 if you have the original 78. She was one of the greatest guitar players that ever lived, and a great singer and songwriter as well. I know the guy who owns the original and lent it for use on this reissue.
Nah, it's not so great. Here's the one I'd recommend.
Is this one any good?
Well there's a few choice LPs in here that re-issue some really great old blues stuff.
Sure, I guess.
There's some good stuff in here... do you like old music?
Sure!... Wait, maybe not 78s, but I can play regular records...
Those are all 78s... Can you play 78s?
I don't have anything after about 1935. I may have one Hindu 78 from the twenties in my collection, but it's not really for sale. I don't really collect "foreign."
You know, like weird 1960's Indian rock n' roll music.
Indian records?
Do you have any old Indian records?
Right.
Let me tell ya somethin', Joe... Listen to me, Joe... you can't hit a home run without swinging the bat!
Don't worry about it. He's not gettin' any and neither are you.
Seymour? You gotta be kidding me!
They're Seymour's.
So what's the story with the two cheerleaders over here?
No problem.
Yeah, well... thanks for cheering me up.
Maybe she's got another boyfriend.
Maybe she was just using you to try and get back at some guy. Who knows? It could be a million things. It's wasted time trying to logically figure out the female brain, that's for sure.
Where else am I ever going to find another girl who likes Geeshie Wiley records?  She could at least have the decency to call me back.
Still torturing yourself over that Enid, huh?
Yeah, I'm really, really happy. Really having a good time.
Well, here's where the fun never stops!
Call me sometime.
Yeah.
Did you remember to pay the phone bill?
I wish I could see him.
I agree.
He has every reason to freak out -- this is a totally fucked-up thing to do to somebody!
So Josh, if this guy freaks out, will you protect us?
Forget it, there's no way... find some other poor sucker to abuse.
Please Josh?
I think it's really a wonderful piece, Margaret!
Right, exactly!
This shocking image of repressed femininity!
I guess I see the teacup as a symbol for womanhood, because of tea parties in the olden days, but instead of tea I was trying to kind of confront people with this... like...
Very good. Now, what can you tell us about it in regard to your artistic intent?
It's a "found object"... that's when an artist takes an ordinary object and places it in an artistic context and thus it becomes art.
I can see that... now what can you tell us about it? First of all, what kind of sculpture is this?
It's a tampon in a teacup...
What do we have here, Margaret?
Isn't this a wonderful piece, class? This definitely falls into that higher category of art I was speaking of earlier.
It's my response to the issue of a woman's right to choose... it's something I feel super-strongly about.
Talk to us about it...
I am.
I think that Phillip and Enid can help us to see that there are-many different ways we can express ourselves.  We can do things like these cartoons that are amusing as a sort of light entertainment or we can do work that is more serious in scope and feeling and that deals with issues; emotional, spiritual, political; of great importance. I hope that you will each have the tools to do that type of work by the end of this class.  Who is responsible for this?
What fake blind date? What are you talking about?
Didn't she ever tell you about that? God, she really is pathological...
What are you talking about?
On that pathetic fake blind date.
What do you mean?
Look, what do you expect?  Considering how we met you.
Did she say that?
Yeah, she thinks you're a dork.
Why did you say she might be hiding from me? Did she say anything to you about me?
That slut!
Really, I don't know enough about it to...
Why wouldn't she tell me? There's no way! She could never keep that to herself... you're crazy.
I have no idea - I just want to...
What? Is she having some secret affair with Josh?
She just mentioned him a few times and said that they had been dating - I thought maybe she was...
Why? What did she tell you?
I don't know.
Josh!? Why would she be with Josh?
Maybe she's with Josh?
I don't know... where is she, then?
Why would she be hiding from me?
Are you sure she wasn't there?  Maybe she was just hiding from you.
Uh, do you mind if I wait? I really need to talk to her.
What the fuck is she doing?! She was supposed to be here three hours ago!
No... they said she was here...
She's not at home?
Uh... hi. Uh... Enid's stepmother told me I'd find her here?
Do you have a check for me?
Yes?
Seymour?
Don't thank me. You're doing all the work.
Thank you, doctor.
Why don't we start with that next week?
It doesn't pay very much, but I should be able to afford my own place in a few months... Do you think that's too soon? I'm really anxious to get my record collection out of storage...
Remember what I said when we first started -- this little breakdown might turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to you!
Well, mostly archival research, cataloguing old records and writing liner notes for their CD reissues. It's really... I can't believe it.
So tell me more about this job. What exactly will you be doing?
I have to admit, things have really started looking up for me since my life turned to shit.
