Goodbye, Looseleaf.
Yeah, Jesus--but wars would be a lot better, I think, if guys would say to themselves sometimes, "Jesus--I'm not going to do that to the enemy.  That's too much." You could have been the manufacturer of that violin there, even though you don't know how to make a violin, just by not busting it up.  I could have been the father of all those people in Nagasaki, and the mother, too, just by not dropping the bomb.  I sent 'em to Heaven instead--and I don't think there is one.
They were enemies.  We were at war.
If I hadn't done it.  If I'd said to myself, "Screw it.  I'm going to let all those people down there live."
If what?
I don't think so.  It could have been.
The one direct, decisive, intelligent act of your life!
Anybody who'd drop an atom bomb on a city has to be pretty dumb.
Everybody thinks that.
I know you think that.
You're an imbecile.
Okay.  Okay.
You.
Me?
Maybe it's time you got out.
Yeah.  I practically forgot.  But after you busted that thing, I got to thinking, "Jesus--maybe I'll start the violin again." That didn't just belong to Woodly.  That belonged to everybody.  Maybe he would have sold it to me, and I could have some fun.  After you busted the violin, boy, and Penelope walked out, I thought to myself, "Jesus--who could blame her?"
You did?
You never played a violin.
Tit for tat--as simple as that.
I didn't like that violin thing. That was sad.
In what way, pray tell?
I wouldn't want to be married to me. We're too crazy.  You know?
What's this?
Go live in a safe-deposit box--with your things. LOOSELEAF Jesus--I wouldn't want to be married to him.  You know?
Shut up, you ninny!  You were never to come here again-- for any reason whatsoever!
Hi, Penelope.
She was always a rotten wife!  She was against everything manly you ever wanted to do.  He was the most daring test pilot in the country at one time, and his wife made him quit.  She made him become a life insurance salesman instead.
I dunno.
You know her for what she is now-- garbage.
I dunno. You know.  I used to really love that Alice. Do you know that?
All the more reason to go to Africa.
Sorry.  At least you've got a place to come back to.  I don't have a place to come back to anymore.
You're so low!  Look at that beautiful red meat.  You haven't touched it.
I dunno.
Of course you'll go!  You're going to fly the helicopter.
He's a man.  Tell him you're a man.
So, kid--how they hanging?  Or don't you say that to a little kid?
You keep on saying "deep" and "deeply." I wish something good would happen on the surface sometime.
It helped more than you know.  Down deep, people were deeply affected.
I told you the uniform wouldn't help.
Every time I start thinking like that I get the clap.
The world is teeming with women-- ours to enjoy.
I didn't know we had any women left.
When I was a naive young recruit in Spain, I used to wonder why soldiers bayoneted oil paintings, shot the noses off of statues and defecated into grand pianos.  I now understand: It was to teach civilians the deepest sort of respect for men in uniform-- uncontrollable fear.  To our women.
Alice would be absolutely tear-ass.
Wear your uniform and every decoration, and let them despise you, if they dare.
That's against the law, isn't it? I can't wear a uniform anymore.
Of course!  Not only go to it but go to it in full uniform!  Rent a uniform!
Go to the funeral?
Sorry.
You'd get this funny look in your eyes, and I'd say to myself, "Oh, Jesus--he's going to tell me what a retiarius is again."
Really?
Fourteen times you told me.  I counted.
Oh.  I'd forgotten.
When we were up in the tree so long--with the bats.
When?
You told me.
How do you know that?
He's a kind of gladiator who fights with a knife and a net and doesn't wear anything but a jockstrap.
He and his love are like a retiarius.  Do you know what a retiarius is?
Huh.
One of them is the doctor, whose weapons are compassion, unselfishness, peacefulness-- maudlin concern.
Excuse me.
You know me, boy.
What's funny about that?
She was about to get married again. She locked me out of the bedroom last night.
I guess.  You're lucky you don't have any old people around here.
The educational process.
I dunno, boy.
How about breakfast, wife?
First Nagasaki--now this.
Could have happened to anybody.
I sure didn't expect her to drop dead.
Otherwise, how are things?
Let's talk about something else.
And how were things?
Haven't got one.
You're right!  We'll take a trip. A trip is what we'll take.  I don't want to talk about motorcycles.  I don't want to talk about tits.  Go home!
You ever own a motorcycle?
Go home!
I've been looking at motorcycles.
I'm lonesome already.
I'm certainly not going to come horning back into your life tomorrow, and I will not welcome your horning back into mine.  A chapter has ended.  We are old comrades--at a parting of the ways.
Months?
Leave me alone!  After eight years of horrendously close association, the time has come to part!  I crave solitude and time for reflection-- and then a reunion in privacy with my own flesh and blood.  You and I may not meet again for months!
You know what gets me?  Those guys who went to the moon!  To the moon, boy!
Something very important about sex must have happened while we were gone.
Good night, Colonel.  It's been beautiful.
How short the skirts are.
Let's talk about it some other time.
You know what gets me?
So long, Colonel.
I know, I know.  I dunno.  At least she's in the same house.  Sure was spooky, looking in the window there, and there she was.
That's the point!  Walk in there and find whatever there is to find--before Alice can cover it up.
I'm liable to find anything!
Go home.
When I drive it, I feel like I'm in the middle of a great big wad of bubblegum.  I don't hear anything, I don't feel anything.  I figure somebody else is driving.  It's a bitch.
Go home!
You know what gets me about that Cadillac?
I'll buy a hundred more Cadillacs. Go home!
What'll you do for transportation?
Take the Cadillac and drive it off a cliff, for all I care.
Can I have the Cadillac?
Go home!  Show them how rich you are for a change!
You were rich before.  This is the first time I was ever rich.
The hell with the diamonds!
Thank God we found the fucking diamonds!
Go home!
You know what gets me?
You're lucky, boy.  My house is gonna be filled with people.
This room is full of ghosts.
I didn't even scratch the surface. You're lucky, boy.  You come home, and nobody's here.  When I go home, everybody's going to be there.
The time we were in a tree for fourteen days, you certainly tried to tell me everything about Mrs. Wheeler.
I didn't tell you everything.
After eight years in the jungle with you, I know Mrs. Wheeler better than I know anybody in the universe!
You don't know my mother-in-law, boy.
Tell them yourself!
I wish you'd tell Alice that.  And that Goddamn Mrs. Wheeler.
It's enough that you've brought yourself home!
I'd really feel stupid if we didn't bring anything back home.
At least!
At least we found the diamonds.
Looseleaf--will you get the hell home?
How everybody says "fuck" and "shit" all the time.  I used to be scared shitless I'd say "fuck" or "shit" in public, by accident.  Now everybody says "fuck" and "shit," "fuck" and "shit" all the time. Something very big must have happened while we were out of the country.
Oh, shit.
You know what gets me?
You know what gets me?
Home.
Must have changed that law.
I suppose.
Used to be against the law, didn't it?
Um.
How all the magazines show tits today.
No.
You know what gets me?
Home is important to a man.
Home.  Jesus.  I'm like this.  Home!
It appears that we're going to have to wait awhile for any more action here, Colonel.  Why don't you run on home while the evening's young.
We'll see.
One thing, anyway--at least Penelope didn't throw out all your crap.  I bet Alice threw out all my crap after I'd been gone a week.
Home, sweet home.
I'm gonna wet my pants.
I hope the men do.  I would rather the women didn't.
I wonder who'll recognize us first? They'll wet their pants.
We've never met.
Didn't recognize you.
A bitch.
It's a bitch.
Hm?
I dunno, boy.
Miss me, baby?
Thank God!
You--you aren't going to have any friends left, if you don't watch out.
Out!
No matter what you say to me, I still think you're the greatest guy I ever knew.
Out!  Out!
You're my buddy.
Look how you're acting now!  This is a moment of truth, and you're almost crying.  Slug me!
How do you know how I'd act in Africa?
He can shoot!  He can hold his ground!  He can attack!  You're in your proper profession right now-- sucking up dirt for frumpish housewives, closet drunkards every one.
I'm smarter than Looseleaf.
You're hollow, like a woman.
I wouldn't drop my gun.
It would have been fun to see you drop your rifle and run the first time an elephant charged us.
Gee whiz--
We're ahead of schedule, that's all. You're finding out here what you would have found out in Africa-- that you are a rabbit, born to be eaten alive.
What went wrong?
To make an ass of yourself.
You invited me.
Do you really think that Harold Ryan would go to Africa with a vacuum cleaner salesman?
For Africa.
For what?
We got to get another pilot.
What?
Who's going to fly our helicopter now?
Never mind the condition of your body and your spirit!  Look after your things, your things!
If I were married to him, I sure wouldn't walk out.
Things.  Oh--you silly people and your things.  Things, things, things.
It's engineered to last about fifteen years.
I'm interested in long-term expectations.
You're making a joke.
Fifty years?
That can be arranged.
I just want one true adventure before I die.
Selling vacuum cleaners isn't the best preparation you could have.
I've considered that.
It's possible, of course, that you'll die in Africa.
Get used to it.  Back door, Paul.
What an awful sound!
You actually sold insurance!
Insurance!
Pass the fucking catsup.
What you say is, "Pass the fucking catsup."
Would somebody please pass me the catsup?
I'd rather go to Viet Nam.
Are we really going to find out where the elephants go to die?
It sapped our will--made us peaceful and unenterprising.  It was a form of chemical castration. We became two more sleepy Indians.
Blue soup.
For seven and a half of those years we were heavily drugged--or we would have been home long before now, believe me.  We were saved from starvation by the Lupi-Loopo Indians, who fed us a strange blue soup.
Eight years you guys were together-- through thick and thin.
Our pleasure.
I can't get over how you guys are my friends.  Harold Ryan and Looseleaf Harper are my friends.
Oh my God--  And you are Looseleaf Harper.
I forget mine for years on end.
I forgot my vacuum cleaner.
You've come to the right man.
I wanted to apologize.
The posies are for her?
Is Penelope in?
How are you, honeybunch?
Hello.
Yeah.  But it's going to get loud again.
I'm talking to you gently now.
I don't know what I hope.  But I don't think you care what I hope, anyway.  You don't know me.  You don't know her, either.  I don't think you know anybody.  You talk to everybody just the same.
Everybody simply evaporates!  There are guest issues to be fought out here--or to be argued, at least. The enemy, the champion of all who oppose me, is in East St. Louis with his mother and his aunt!  I have so far done battle with a woman and a child and a violin.
It's your house, Dad.
Get mad!  Tell me you don't like the way I treat your mother!  Tell me you wish I'd never come home!
I don't want to fight you.
Then speak, by God!  Can you fight with words?
Too late!  It's man to man now. Protecting your mother from me, are you?  Protect her!`
Dad--
Welcome to manhood, you little sparrowfart!  Load that gun!
Gee whiz, Dad--
Pick up that cartridge and slip it back into the chamber--where it belongs.
That's a cartridge, if I'm not mistaken.  Gunpowder, bullet, cartridge case, and fulminate of mercury percussion cap--all set to go. PAUL I was cleaning it.
Open the bolt!
No.
Of course it is.  Is it loaded?
No.
That's a rifle you have?
Nothing.
What's this?
What's this?
Mom?
It's Mom.
Who was it?
Dad?
You're free to go to her, if you want.  If you'd rather be a woman and run with the women, just say the word.
No.
We've got to do something to make this boy's voice change.  I wonder if we couldn't get bull balls somewhere, and fry 'em up.  Still miss your mother?
I'm a man.
Beat the shit out of someone who hates you.
What kind of exercise?
Leave a tip.
A hundred dollars for breakfast?
Couldn't you have vanished quietly out the back door?
Dad--
Make it fast.
Can I get dressed first?
The smallest thing I've got.
A hundred dollars!
Your mother and I do not wish to be disturbed for three full hours.
Play?
Mom?
Damn.
Dad's got jungle fever, Mom. What'll I do?  Mom!
Scat!
Yes sir.  If you can't wake Mom up, I've got double-decker bunks.
Will you go to bed?
She was on her way home from a meeting of the African Violet Society, and they got her.
Penelope!
She was killed in the park two months ago--in the daytime.
Penelope!
Tomorrow's Saturday.  Anyway, she's dead.
That's nice.  You thank her for me. Go to bed and get lots of sleep, and then you thank her in the morning.
She said you were legendary.  I wrote a theme about you, and she said, "Your father is a legendary hero out of the Golden Age of Heroes."
Can't it keep till morning?
Tomorrow's another day. PAUL You know what my English literature teacher said about you?
I can't take my eyes off you.
Why don't you go to bed--son.
She's a real heavy sleeper sometimes.
Alive and hale.  He's throwing a little surprise party for his own family.  Is your mother often this unstable?  Penelope!
Is Looseleaf Harper alive?
Wants to fix up her makeup, no doubt.
Sir?
Yes, wife, it is.  Come here, boy.  Your father is home.
Go ahead.  No, no, no, no.
I'd like to use the sanitary facilities, if I may.
No, no, no, no, no.
You're a very good boy to respond that way.
Oh no, no, no, no, no.  It can't be. How embarrassing.
He seems to think they are.  He told me that were.
They're not engaged.
Does it bother you to have your mother engaged to a man like that?
Dr. Woodly says he's seen hundreds of children permanently injured by football.  He says that when there's a war, everybody goes but football players.
You're supposed to get hurt!
I wanted to go out for football, but Mom was afraid I'd get hurt.
The Germans shot everybody who lived there, then leveled it, plowed it, planted turnips and cabbages in the fertile ground. They wished revenge for the slaying of the Beast of Yugoslavia.  To their twisted way of thinking, your father had butchered an Eagle Scout.  Play lots of contact sports?
Sir?
It's rather a disappointment these days.  It isn't there any more.
When I grow up, I'm going to go to Mhravitch.
The name will live forever.  It was there that Harold Ryan slew the Beast of Yugoslavia.  Mhravitch.
Mhravitch.
Mhravitch.  Remember that name.
And one of them was the Beast of Yugoslavia? HAROLD The Beast was upstairs, and he came running downstairs, for his men were making loud farewells and last wills and testaments--editorializing about the hospitality they had received.  And your father said to him in perfect German, which he had learned in the Spanish Civil War, "Major, something tragic seems to have happened to your bodyguard.  I am Harold Ryan, of the United States of America.  You, I believe, are the Beast of Yugoslavia."
We carried cyanide capsules.  We were supposed to swallow them in case we were captured.  It was your father's opinion that the Krauts needed them more than we did at the time.
Where did you get the poison?
We caught another Kraut alone in a back lane.  Your father choked him to death with a length of piano wire.  Your father was quite a virtuoso with piano wire.  That's nicer than a knife, isn't it--as long as you don't look at the face afterwards.  The face turns a curious shade of avocado.  I must ask the doctor why that is.  At any rate, we stole into the back of the inn, and, with the permission of the management, we poisoned the wine of six Krauts who were carousing there.
Go on.
The story gets hairier.  Should I stop?
I don't know.
Don't care for cold steel?  A knife is worse than a bullet?
Uck.
We came up behind a sentry, and your father slit his throat before he could utter a sound.
Mhravitch.
We blacked our hands and faces.  At midnight we crept out of the forest and into the village.  The name of the village was Mhravitch. Remember that name!
Wow.
Hid by day--fought by night.  At sunset one day, your father and I, peering through field glasses, saw a black Mercedes draw up to a village inn.  It was escorted by two motorcyclists and an armored car.  Out of the Mercedes stepped one of the most hateful men in all of history--the Beast of Yugoslavia.
Tell me that!  Tell me that!
I saw your father fight Major Siegfried von Konigswald, the Beast of Yugoslavia, hand to hand.
Tell me that.
Ask about the time he and I were parachuted into Yugoslavia to join a guerrilla band--in the war against the Nazis.
"The sting."
As in "Death, where is thy sting?" He killed at least fifty men, wounded hundreds more.
"The sting."
Behind a desk for a little while.  A desk!  They had him planning air raids.  A city can't flee like a coward or fight like a man, and the choice between fleeing and fighting was at the core of the life of Harold Ryan.  There was only one thing he enjoyed more than watching someone make that choice, and that was making the choice himself.  Ask about Spain, where he was the youngest soldier in the Abraham Lincoln Brigade.  He was a famous sniper.  They called him "La Picadura"--"the sting."
Dad was never in England?
Oh hell.
England?
"Dad?"  Dad.  The boy wants tales of derring-do. Name a country.
Tell me some true stories about Dad.
Big ones, little ones, teeny-weeny ones--just and otherwise.
He was a stretcher-bearer in the Korean War.  Were you in a war with Father?
Aha!  He has a brilliant military record, I'm sure.
Nothing.  He plays a violin in a doctors' quartet.
What does he do--of an athletic nature?
"Harold, the Patron Saint of Taxidermy."
No.
He doesn't do it in front of me, but he does it with Mother.  You know what he called Father one time?
It makes life spicy.
What's good about that?
Excellent!
He insults him all the time.
What a pity!  Educating a beautiful woman is like pouring honey into a fine Swiss watch.  Everything stops.  And the doctor?  He worships your father, too?
She has a master's degree in English literature.
College?
They were in the same creative writing class.
College!
She met him at college.
I see.  And he came into the apartment one day, to demonstrate his wares, and your mother, as it happened, was charmingly en deshabille--
He's a vacuum cleaner salesman.
Ah!  And what sort of man is this worshiper?
He worships Father.
Even this--"Herb Shuttle", you said?
Everybody says he was so brave.
Man and boy.
I was going to a funny movie, but I changed my mind.  If you're depressed, laughing doesn't help much.  When did you know my father?
And you've been roaming the streets while your mother is God-knows-where?
I'll see.
You think you could find me a pencil and paper?
She went to the fight with Herb Shuttle, I guess.
You don't know where your mother is? Does she put on a short skirt and go drinking all night?
Where's Mom?
The doctor was called away on an emergency.  I think it was birth.
Is anybody besides you here now?
Dr. Woodly.  I should make a little list.
Dr. Woodly.
Mind?  God, yes, I mind.  I'm your father's friend.  A man claiming to be the family physician let me in a while ago.
Do you mind if I ask who you are?
Life has denied me that thrill.
Do you know who Wanda June is?
Ask it!
Are you--do you--
You were about to ask a question?
Are you--
Hello.
Hello.
As a matter of fact--I am home.
Sir?
As a matter of fact--
Anybody home?
Do it, Norbert.
Of course he can go--if he'll just go down on his hands and knees for a moment--and promise me that he does not find me comical in the least degree.
Norbert--you come, too.  Let him go, Harold.  Let him go.
Seventeen of them--eleven by accident.  March!  Move!  You, too!
You've killed women?
Give me that Goddamn thing!  Now get out of here, or I might kill you.  Who knows?
Out!
She's right, Norbert--go home. WOODLY I haven't said all I have to say.
Then listen to me.  You're both disgusting--with your pride, your pride.  I hate you for coming here--like a federal marshal in a western film. I loved you when you stayed away. But here you are now--high noon in the Superbowl!  You fool, you fool.
The National Safety Council would be appalled.
All right!  Am I exceedingly dangerous now?
Load it for her.
How do I load?
There it is.  Give it to me.
Help your mother find the bullet.
Where's the bullet?
Then you'd better fix your bayonet, because there aren't any bullets in the gun.
I mean it!
Whoever has the gun, you see, gets to tell everybody else exactly what to do.  It's the American way.
I want you to get out of here, Norbert.  Harold--I want you to sit down in the chair, and not lift a finger until Norbert is gone.
Ah!  The lady is armed.
I'm turning off the alarm.  I'm turning off everything.
There has to be a threat of some sort, nobility of some sort, glamour of some sort, sport of some sort.  These elements are lacking.
No, we won't.  No matter how it begins, it will end in death. Because it always does.  Isn't that always how it ends, Harold--in death?
Stop!
This is suicide.  Go get the police.
Don't!
I'm going to call the police.
You hope this, too?
I don't know.  I hope he never hunts.  I hope he never kills another human being.
And my son, the only son of Harold Ryan--he's going to grow up to be a vanisher, too?
No.
No.
I feel mocked, insulted, with no sort of satisfaction in prospect. We don't have to fight with steel. I can fight with words.  I'm not an inarticulate ape, you know, who grabs a rock for want of a vocabulary.  Call him up in East St. Louis, Penelope.  Tell him to come here.
The old heroes are going to have to get used to this, Harold--the new heroes who refuse to fight. They're trying to save the planet. There's no time for battle, no point to battle anymore.
May I continue with the rearing of my son?  Load that gun!
It's still just death, the absence of life--no honor at all.  It's worse than the blue soup by far-- that nothingness.  To you, though, it's the honor that crowns them all.
If you've lived a good life, fought well--
But it's all balled up in your head with death.  The highest honor is death.  When you talk of these animals, one by one, you don't just talk of killing them.  You honored them with death.  Harold--it is not honor to be killed.
What a handsome word.
Honor, I suppose.
If that's the case--what's to prevent my killing myself?
No you don't.
I plan to live one hundred years!
So he can kill you.  You hate your own life that much.  You beg for a hero to kill you.
I'm teaching my son to be a man.
That's really what you want.  You become furious when people won't make you dead.
If he thinks he's man enough.
You're begging him to kill you?
With an iron penis three feet long. Load it, boy.
He's a child!
Action!  Interaction!  Give and take!  Challenge and response!
Like what?
Beautiful, you say?  It wasn't life, it wasn't death--it wasn't anything!  Beautiful?  Seven years gone--  like that, like that!  Seven years of silliness and random dreams! Seven years of nothingness, when there could have been so much!
Sounds quite beautiful.
An Indian narcotic we were forced to drink.  It put us in a haze--a honey-colored haze which was lavender around the edge.  We laughed, we sang, we snoozed.  When a bird called, we answered back. Every living thing was our brother or our sister, we thought. Looseleaf stepped on a cockroach six inches long, and we cried.  We had a funeral that went on for five days--for the cockroach!  I sang "Oh Promise Me." Can you imagine? Where the hell did I ever learn the words to "Oh Promise Me"?  Looseleaf delivered a lecture on maintenance procedures for the hydraulic system of a B-36.  All the time we were drinking more blue soup, more blue soup!  Never stopped drinking blue soup.  Blue soup all the time. We'd go out after food in that honey-colored haze, and everything that was edible had a penumbra of lavender.
Blue soup?
What kind of a country has this become?  The men wear beads and refuse to fight--and the woman adore them.  America's days of greatness are over.  It has drunk the blue soup.
It seems highly intelligent to me.
And you, a supposedly healthy woman, do not detest him for his cowardice?
He's afraid of you, Harold.  He knew you'd want to fight him.  He doesn't know anything about fighting.  He hates pain.
Last I heard, his mother was going alone.
He's in East St. Louis with his mother--visiting an aunt.
I bought him a twenty-two yesterday--on the way home from Hamburger Heaven.  And where is the good doctor?  Have you two feathered a love nest somewhere?
Rifle?
He'll play with his rifle, I expect. That will cheer him up.
How unhappy he's going to be--alone in his room.
See how you've upset him.  He was so merry and hale before you came home.
I see.
Testimonials of that sort are--are beyond my range.  I don't do them well.  That's a failing, I know.
I want you to tell me that you loved me once.
Money?  There's plenty of that. Mildred got the brewery.  You'll probably get the baseball team.
Just one favor.
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.
Almost a Christmas scene.
Well--what have we here?  A family.
You feel I've done a dreadful thing--leaving him?
Things.
Hope.
He had hoped that someone would be playing it still--two hundred years from now.
He feels awful loss--which was precisely my intention.
Two hundred years old.
About a broomstick and a cigar box--and the attenuated intestines of an alley cat.
He cried.
I'm dying to hear of his reaction. The thrill of smashing something isn't in the smashing, but in the owner's reactions.
He knows you shattered his violin.
More nerve than the doctor, I must admit.  He hasn't been home for two days.  Has he suddenly lost interest in sleep and color television--and the violin?
Unless she has nerve.
It isn't a matter of liking.  It's a matter of getting used to death-- as a perfectly natural thing. Would you mind leaving?  No woman ever walks out on Harold Ryan, and then comes back--for anything.
Did you like it, dear?
It's a big and busy funeral home.
A dozen?
He'd never seen a corpse.  He's seen a dozen now.
You took him to the funeral, I hear.
If he wants to go.
I came for Paul as well.
Your clothes are at the city dump by now.  Perhaps you can get a map from the Department of Sanitation.
I rang.  It seemed like the proper door for a servile, worthless organism to use.
Sneaking in the back door.
I came for my clothes.
Because if you do--I'll leave you. HAROLD  Goodbye.
Why not?
No you're not!
He did his best to destroy my most precious possession, which is the high opinion women have of me.  I'm now going to even that score.  I'm going to break in his door and I'm going to smash his violin.
What are you going to do?
That's too bad.  I would rather have him at home--to see what I'm going to do.
I don't think so.
And no one's there now?
Yes.
And he keeps it in his apartment?
His most cherished possession?  His violin, I guess.
And what is his most cherished possession?
Yes.
The doctor.
I learned a lot of things in college.  Actually--it was Norbert who told me that.
You learned this in some college course?
And they have very mixed feelings about women.  They hate them in a way.  One reason they like war so much is that they can capture enemy women and not have to make love to them slowly and gently.  They can scrog them, as you say--  for revenge.
Go on.
Well--part of it is that heroes basically hate home and never stay there very long, and make awful messes while they're there.
I like the truth.  I wouldn't be alive today if I weren't one of the biggest fans truth ever had.
It's complicated and I don't want to go into it now, because it's bound to sound insulting--even though nobody means for anybody to be insulted.  It's just the truth.
Tell me about its sexual roots.
The whole concept of heroism--and its sexual roots.
Such as?...
Well, I can.  Some injuries, spiritual or physical, can be excruciating to me.  I'm not a silly carhop any more.  Maybe you're right about fish. When I was a carhop, I didn't feel much more than a fish would.  But I've been sensitized.  I have ideas now--and solid information.  I know a lot more now--and a lot of it has to do with you.
Fish can't feel.
I'd like to have the expert opinion of the fish--along with yours.
It couldn't!
I will not be scrogged.  I remember one time I saw you wrench a hook from the throat of a fish with a pair of pliers, and you promised me that the fish couldn't feel.
You don't know you want.  That's the way God built you!
This is not a coy deception.  I do not want to be scrogged.  I want love.  I want tenderness.
That's what you're supposed to say.
I do not wish to be scrogged--ever. I never heard that word, but when I heard it, I knew it was one thing I never wanted to have happen to me.
What then?
No.
Let me guess--breakfast is served?
I could eat a raw baby crocodile.  The way to get your wife back is in bed.  Do such a job on her that she'll be lucky if she can crawl around on all fours.  We're starving.  Do you mind?
I--I was wondering--is there anything you shouldn't eat--because of jungle fever?
I should have torn that door off its hinges.  Should have scrogged her ears off.  Should have broken the bed.  What do you want?  Well?
Then go now--and fry with dignity-- sunnyside up.
They don't have to feel like slaves.
People now have dignity when frying eggs?
You leave me so--so without-- without dignity.
Don't lecture me on race relations. I don't have a molecule of prejudice.  I've been in battle with every kind of man there is. I've been in bed with every kind of woman there is--from a Laplander to a Tierra del Fuegian. If I'd ever been to the South Pole, there'd be a hell of a lot of penguins who looked like me.  Cook!
People don't use that word any more.
Cook, by God!  Cook!  You're the nigger now.
You're a woman, aren't you?
We're all going to have to go out for breakfast.  The cook quit yesterday.
Chow, chow, chow!  God damn it-- nutriment!
Then let me see him go out and get some exercise.  Right now!
You're wrong.
Honeymoon temporarily canceled.  The boy should still go out and exercise.  I have the impression he never gets any exercise.  He simply bloats himself with Fig Newtons and bakes his brains over steam radiators.
What a honeymoon.
She's up in Heaven now.  She didn't hear.  She is experiencing nothing but pure happiness.  There's nothing nicer than that.  Chow!  Harold Ryan wants chow!
"Bring me a side order of Mrs. Wheeler."
Which one?
That is the most heartless statement I ever heard pass between human lips.
All right--bring me a side order of Mrs. Wheeler.  Oh, hell--sit down, Colonel. Penelope will bring you some chow.
Mrs. Wheeler is dead.
And lots of orange juice--oceans of orange juice.
Scrambled eggs, kippered herring, fried potatoes--and a whole onion. I want to eat the onion like an apple.  Do you understand?
Breakfast?
Ram it up your ass!
I have some change!
We all do.  But now it's body time. Relax.  Ideally, the body of a woman should feel like a hot water bottle filled with Devonshire cream. You feel like a paper bag crammed with curtain rods.  Think of your muscles one by one.  Let them go slack.  Relax.  Let the brain go blank.  Relax.  That's the idea-- that's my girl.  Now the small of the back.  Let those knots over those kidneys unsnarl.
I have a brain.
You're thinking with your brain instead of your body.  That's why you're so tense!  Forget Norbert. Relax.  It's body time.
You shouldn't have talked to Norbert that way.
I'm going to touch your shoulders very gently now.  You mustn't scream.  So tense, so tense.
I'm not about to introduce to you a jungle novelty.  What I have in mind is massage--a perfectly decent massage.  Turn around, turn around.
Turn around?
Now--turn around, if you would.
I'm not going to strike you.  I am going to be as gentle as pie--as lemon meringue pie.  You mustn't run away now.  This is your loving husband approaching.  I'm your husband.  Society approves!
Just--bang--we have a honeymoon.
You used to like it stark!
It's so--so stark.
Honeymoon!  Honeymoon!  Say it: Honeymoon!
Buy yourself breakfast.  There we go.
He hasn't had breakfast yet.
I had a trip.  We'll honeymoon here.  Go out and play.
A trip, you mean?
We were one hell of a pair--and we'll be one again.  What we need is a honeymoon.  Let's start right now.
I did?
You'll get so you enjoy twitting weaklings again.  You used to eat it up.
Ghastly, cruel, unnecessary.
Now that's what I call fun.
Do say hello to your mother.
Say hello to your mother.
Awful.  I can't tell you how sorry I am.
He thought he could take my place. It is now my privilege to give an unambiguous account of why I don't think he's man enough to do that.
He doesn't deserve this!  You don't know him.  It isn't fair!
You and your damned bedside manner and your damned little black bag full of miracles.  You know who filled that bag for you?  Not Alice-sit-by-the-fires like yourself.  Men with guts filled it, by God--men with guts enough to pay the price for miracles--suffering, ingratitude, loneliness, death--
Please--
I could carve a better man out of a banana!
Harold!
Have some.
I'm so glad you like each other.  I was so scared, so scared.
Thank God!
Nothing would please me more.
You know what I want?  I want you both to be friends.  I know you both, respect you both. You should be friends.
I was, I was.  It never lasts long.
Paul said you were awfully sick.
When I'm dead--  or fucking.
Shouldn't you lie down?
We all are.
He's a very decent man, Harold.
I don't want that chancre mechanic in here.
We thought it was an emergency.
Your old beau?
We thought a doctor might help.
What's that all about?
You'd better get Dr. Woodly.
Bluh.
Every fuse in my nervous system has been blown.
You feel that you're behaving as a woman should?
Well--enjoy the natural, honest, unrehearsed result--surgical shock.
Seemed the most honest way to begin life together again--natural, unrehearsed.
A telegram--a phone call might have helped.
This reunion isn't what I imagined it would be.
Situation.
Disease?
I don't know.  This is a new disease to me.
What sort of time period do you have in mind?  Half an hour?  An hour?
We adjust to what there is to adjust to.  Perhaps Paul, being young, can adjust to joy or grief immediately.  I hope he can.  I will take a little longer.  I'll be as quick as I can.
You were well adjusted to my being dead?
Give us time, Harold--to adjust to your being alive.
Like hugging a lamp post.
Give us time.
What's the matter?
I couldn't help overhearing that you were about to get married again.
Not at all.
How do you do, Mrs. Ryan?  I'd heard you were beautiful, and so you are.  Am I intruding here?
How do you do?
The pelt is black.  It's a kind of man.
Some kind of animal?
My parents died in an automobile accident when I was sixteen years old.  They left me a brewery and a baseball team--and other things.  I live for a living.  I've just come back from Kenya--in Africa.  I've been hunting Mau Mau there.
What do you do for a living?
Destiny often seems that way. You're going to marry me.
This is crazy.
You are woman.  I know woman well.
You don't even know me.
Daughter--I love you very much.
I'm engaged.
Did you ever daydream that you would one day meet a friendly millionaire?
I'm sorry, sir, I'm engaged to be married.  My boyfriend would be mad if I went out with another man.
What time do you get off work, my child?
Yes, sir.  It was a very unusual automobile. It was a Cadillac, but it had water buffalo horns where the bumpers should be.  And what to drink?
Raw hamburger, please--and a whole onion.  I want to eat the onion like an apple.  Do you understand?
Sir?
A springbok, an oryx, a gemsbok--a gazelle.
Eighteen--  and a half.
I think so, daughter.  How old are you?
Can I help you, sir?
Heaven.
"Hamburger Heaven."
I am Harold Ryan, her husband.  I have killed perhaps two hundred men in wars of various sorts--as a professional soldier.  I have killed thousands of other animals as well--for sport.
How do you do.  My name is Penelope Ryan.  This is a simple-minded play about men who enjoy killing--and those who don't.
For what it's worth now, Harold Ryan, the clown, gives his sacred word.
Give me your word of honor that that's all you're going to do.
I'll put it in Paul's room, where it belongs.
Leave the rifle here.
Use the sanitary facilities, if I may.
What are you going to do?
Somewhere in this city.  Not here, not here.  Tell Penelope I loved her--in my clownish way.  And Paul. Tell him to be a healer, by all means.
New lives begin!
It's trash now, like mine.
Thank you--for my life.
Thank God. HAROLD Crawl home.
Can't do it.
Have it your way.  We'd both be better off dead now.
No.
Get up.
No.  No.
I've enjoyed being man.
Don't shoot.
Man, as man was meant to be--a vengeful ape who murders.  He will soon be extinct.  It's time, it's time.
What is this thing that kills me?
If you want to be found that way.
Can I beg for mercy--on my knees?
Oh God--you're really going to kill me. HAROLD It won't hurt as much as the sting of a bumblebee.  Heaven is very much like Paradise, they say. You'll like it there.
Like the saber-toothed tiger.
New dignity can be yours--as a merciful man.  You can change!
My self-respect is gone--and my soldier's honor with it.  It is now very easy for me to shoot an unarmed man.
No!
I'm going to shoot you now.
You'd be killing a friend.  Don't you know how much I like you?
We never quit fighting until we're dead.
More clowning!  Don't you see?
You're making a mistake.  Obsolete old carnivores like me are most dangerous when wounded.  You've wounded me.
I'm utterly satisfied.
Here.  Finish the job.
Never.  For when you began to kill for the fun of it, you became the chief source of agony of mankind.
Was I ever of use?
But the new hero will be a man of science and of peace--like me. He'll disarm you, of course.  No more guns, no more guns.
You're too modest.
I hate crowds, and I have no charisma--
The new hero is you.
And the hell with it.  It was so tragically irrelevant, so preposterously misinformed.
Something seems to have happened to my self-respect.
My violin is avenged!
Don Quixote.
You aren't going to hurt me.  You aren't going to hurt anybody any more.  Any violent gesture will seem ridiculous--to yourself!
I see.
No. WOODLY The magic root you gave me--I had it analyzed.  It was discovered by a Harvard botanist in 1893!  He explored your famous jungle for five years, armed with nothing but kindness, a talent for languages, and a pocketknife.
You can never take yourself seriously again!  Look at all the creatures you've protected us from! Did you shoot them on the elevator, as they were on their way up here to eat us alive?
I--I really must congratulate you. Something is happening in there.
You have a very good mind, or I wouldn't have come back.  That mind is now asking itself, cleverly and fairly, "Is Harold Ryan really a clown?" And the answer is, "Yes."
Poison.
I put a poisoned thought in your head.  Even now that poison is seeping into every lobe of your mind.  It's saying, "Obsolete, obsolete, obsolete," and, "Clown, clown, clown."
I've poisoned you. HAROLD  Lucretia Borgia?  Something I drank or touched?  You refused a cigar.  That's it! Potassium cyanide in the humidor! Treacherous lover of peace!
With spittle?
I've struck my blow.
Cut me open.  Find out.
Don't you laugh even inwardly at the heroic balderdash you spew?
No quarter asked.  No quarter given.
In any event, I will not beg for mercy.
You hope.
King Arthur.
I'm an honorable clown?
You're not such a creature of the ooze that you'd hurt an unarmed man.
This is going to become very physical.  Are you prepared for that?
If you're at home in the ooze, and nowhere else.
I'm to be left behind--in primordial ooze?
Evolution has made you a clown-- with a cigar.  Simple butchers like you are obsolete!
I love you!  Have a cigar!
You're a clown.  You're a clown who kills--but you're a clown.
Glands.  You're supposed to be happy when you die.  Call me comical again.
I'm high as a kite.
You're in one hell of a jam.  You realize that?
And terror, if you don't mind.
Hands and knees, you say?
Comical?
I haven't told you, Harold, how comical I think you are.
Yes--well--uh--that's another one of those statements which more or less automatically requires an apology.  Whenever you feel like it. It's sort of like turning off an alarm clock that's ringing loudly. Your apology turns off the alarm.
You're a son of a bitch.
We do survive, don't we?  You're going to have to apologize, of course, for calling me a bastard. That's a matter of form--not allowing you or anybody to call me a bastard.  No rush about that. Just remember to apologize sometime soon.
A living fossil!  Like the cockroaches and the horseshoe crabs.
Now who's being cruel?
You're old--so old.
Oooooo.  That hurt.
You're a filthy, rotten bastard.
We'll find out now, won't we?
You intend to crack my eardrums with your voice?  Will I bleed from my every orifice?  Who will clean up this awful mess?
You haven't heard me yet.
What an hallucination!  Oh, dear, dear, dear, dear.  Oh dearie me.
Correct.
I can defeat him with anything from flavored toothpicks to siege howitzers.  But he got it into his little head that he could come here and demolish Harold Ryan with words. The truth!  Correct?
Yes.
There's going to be no bloodshed here.  I know how he'll fight--the only way he can fight: with words. The truth.  Am I correct?
He's a champion after all. WOODLY Of the corpses and cripples you create for our instruction--when all we can learn from them is this: how cruel you are.
The same hairy, humorless old gods who move you from hither to yon. "Honor, " if you like.
What brought you back?
It's healer to killer.  Is that the same thing?
This is man to man.
Lest we forget how cruel you are.
There's a certain amount of information there.
This little corpse is intended as a lesson?
It died for your sins.
Quarantine, possibly.  You may be suffering from a loathsome disease which the American people could do without.  Goodbye.
What for?
I'm going to have to report you to the Department of Health.
You were wrong, you quack!
I thought she was a widow.
I can just hear the editorial wee- wee-weeing when Looseleaf and I start flying in pacqualinincheewa root.  I can hear the Alice-sit-by- the-fires now: "We discovered it in the Amazon Rain Forest.  Now we cure you with it.  Now we lower our eyes with becoming modesty as we receive heartfelt thanks."
Good Lord.
Everything about you is the editorial we.  Take that away from you, and you'd disappear.
That's an editorial we, of course. I haven't turned up anything personally.
We have, have we?
More and more we find ourselves laying aside false pride and looking into the pharmacopoeias of primitive people.  Curare, ephedrine--we've found some amazing things.
Wasn't that sweet of me?
Hundreds.
Are you've seen it work cures?
Congratulations.  By crossing twenty-eight feet of cockroach- infested carpet, you've become the third white man ever to hear of it.
I've never heard of it.
Pacqualinincheewa root.  Means "cougar fang." Cures anything but a yellow streak down the back.
Would you say that again?
Pacqualinincheewa root.
I was going to ask.
You can also describe its cure. I'm eating its cure.
Chills, fevers, sweats.  You can describe it and name it after yourself: "the Woodly galloping crud."
You have chills?
Colonel Harper and I once shared a treetop with a family of bats. There was a flash flood.  There were piranha fish in the water. That's how Colonel Harper lost his little toe.
You've been bitten by bats?
I know malaria.  Malaria isn't caused by the bites of bats.
Well now--what seems to be the trouble with the patient today?  A touch of malaria, perhaps?
What a brilliant diagnosis!
Ah!  You're ambulatory!
Good night.
Whose son this is, whose wife that is.  A fiancé is the most ridiculous appurtenance this household could have at this time.  Good night.
None.
What next?  You leave promptly, of course.  There is no question as to whose home this is--
I feel the same way.  What next?
She's crying because she's so happy.
Are--are you crying, Penelope?
Tough luck.  You'll have to split the fee.
A policeman delivered the baby in a taxicab.
How was the emergency, Doctor? Profitable, I hope.
I came back.
Safe and sound, I see.  Oh--you came back.
I won't try to keep up with you. I'm not as fast on my feet as I once was.
I've literally got to run!
You wish the woman good luck, and you tell the man how fortunate he is.  That's how it goes.
I've got to run!
And her fiancé!  How nice.  I hope you'll be very happy--or is that what one says to the woman?
And her fiancé!
Just her neighbor and doctor? That's all?
Yes!  Please!  You've got to get out right now!
And you come into Mrs. Ryan's apartment as often as you please, looking into various health matters?
Neighbor!  Doctor!  I live across the hall.
And what, exactly, is your relationship to Mrs. Ryan?
Yes!  Yes!  The boy!  One boy!
She still has just the one child-- the boy?
Will you please go?  An emergency!
And still Mrs. Harold Ryan?
She's fine.  Please--
Ahh--then she's still alive.
I mean--I can't leave you here. You'll have to go.  I'll tell Mrs. Ryan you were here.  You can come back later.
I'm a neighbor.  I have the apartment across the hall.  I have to go to the hospital now.  An emergency.
Oh, oh, oh--I thought it was your apartment.  You seemed at home here.
Look--this isn't my apartment, and there isn't anybody else here.  Mrs. Ryan won't be home for a while.
We'll miss you so.
Look--I'm sorry--I have to go.
Call her back--tell her to head for the hospital.  Tell the hospital to expect her.  I'll leave right now.
Oh dear.
...Who?... Did she say how far apart the pains were?... When was that?... Oh dear.
Hello, Mother.
Hello?  Oh--hello, Mother.
Dead!  Such a final word.  Dead!  Did you hear that?
He's dead, you know.
We tried to be.  We tried to be.
You're--you're old friends of Harold Ryan?
But here you are inside, aren't you?
It's always locked.
The door ws unlocked.  Is it always unlocked?
You startled me.
Gentlemen--that's nice.
Can I--uh--help you gentlemen?
Ooops.
Ooops.
I dunno.  Marry the first whore who's nice to me, I guess.  Get a job in a motorcycle shop.  So long, you guys.
What will you do, Colonel?
So long, you guys.
I dunno.
And you, Colonel?  Let me guess: You don't know.
Yeah--cripes.  I never did get any sense out of Alice.  She found me holding up the old lady, dead as a mackerel.  It was a bitch.  You know--maybe Mrs. Wheeler was going to die then and there anyway, even if I'd been the paper boy.  Maybe not.  I dunno, boy.  That's civilian life for you.  Who knows what kills anybody?
How horrible.
Well--I walked up to the front door. I was still alive.  Big surprise. I rang the doorbell, and old Mrs. Wheeler answered.  She had her Goddamn knitting.  I said, "Guess who?" She conked right out.
What happened?
My mother-in-law.  Fire engines, pulmotors, doctors, cops, coroners--
Who's dead?
For saying "shit." Or is that okay now?
For what?
No, no--shit no.  Excuse me, Penelope.
Alice is dead?
Jesus.
Dead!
So that's it! "Kestenbaum, Kestenbaum." Everybody was yelling "Kestenbaum, Kestenbaum." I thought it was some foreign language.
She married an accountant named Stanley Kestenbaum.
There was so much going on.
You didn't even find that out?
She did?
Alice got married again.
I dunno.  Yeah!  Yeah!  Yeah!  I did.
And you went home unannounced, too?
Thank you.  You can leave now.  We'll begin.
It was a bitch.
You don't know?
I dunno, boy.
Colonel Harper, retired now, dropped an atom bomb on Nagasaki during the Second World War, killing seventy-four thousand people in a flash.
Jesus--I dunno.  You know.  What the heck.  Who knows?
Honey--Alcoholics Anonymous takes all the time I've got--and Harold Ryan is an individual I would rather forget.  He drove me to drink.  He drove his first two wives to drink.
Won't you please join our club? Please?
That's what he wanted--a ten-year- old wife.  He'd come home from a war or a safari, and he'd wind up talking to the little kids.
I'm only ten years old.
Thought you were another wife, maybe.
Mr. Ryan just borrowed my birthday cake.  I don't really know him.
Never mind.  It's a dumb theory.  I was going to say it was all sexual..but everything is sexual...but alcohol.  Peace.
Ja?
Is it?  I have this theory about why men kill each other and break things.
That is sad.
Ach soooooooooo. MILDRED No grown woman is a fan of premature ejaculation.  Harold would come home trumpeting and roaring.  He would the kick the furniture with his boots, spit into corners and the fireplace.  He would make me presents of stuffed fish and helmets with holes in them. He would tell me that he had now earned the reward that only a woman could give him, and he'd tear off my clothes.  He would carry me into the bedroom, telling me to scream and kick my feet.  That was very important to him.  I did it.  I tried to be a good wife.  He told me to imagine a herd of stampeding water buffalo.  I couldn't do that, but I pretended I did.  It was all over--ten seconds after he'd said the word "buffalo." Then he'd zip up his pants, and go outside, and tell true war stories to the little kids.  Any little kids.
Premature ejaculation.
Because he was cruel?
Do I have to?  Who's the little girl?
You want to join the Harold Ryan Fan Club?  Wear a pink jacket with a yellow streak up the back?
Yes.
You were Harold Ryan's third wife. Right?
I heard you were looking for me.
Aha!  Hello!  You're Mildred, right?
All my dreams have suddenly collapsed.  We did have a lot of laughs together, Penelope.
No.
Wouldn't you rather have your mother marry me than him?
Don't touch me.
The wife of Harold Ryan is going to marry a pansy next?  This is the end of Western Civilization as far as I'm concerned.  You must be crazy as a fruitcake.
I'll kill myself.
I feel like I want to yell my head off--just yell anything.  Bulllllllllllllll-dickey!
I don't want to live any more.
That goes double for me.
What a relief!
Thank God!
Everybody talks about how rotten kids act.  Grownups can be pretty rotten, too.
I worship your father.  That stuffed alligator your mother gave me--the one he shot?  It's the proudest thing in my apartment.
Men can touch other men, and it doesn't mean a thing.  Haven't you ever seen football players after they've won the Superbowl?
Don't touch me.  Get out of the way.
Explain it to them.  I'm bugging out of here.
You sure misunderstood something-- and we'd better get it straight.
Don't!
What's this?
And I wish you'd quit touching me all the time.  It drives me nuts!
Kid--kid--
She doesn't care!  She's not married any more!  She's going to have fun!  I hope you have so much fun you can hardly stand it.  Dr. Woodly--I hope you make up even better jokes about my father than the ones you've said so far.
I had not the slightest inkling.  Why didn't you say so?
It's my father's birthday--that's all.  That's all.  Who cares about that?
You bet I'll worry about it.  I said something wrong?
Don't worry about it.
Something's made you sore.
I don't care what she wears.
She's my date tonight.  What do you want her to do--bring the poor old jaguars back to life with a bicycle pump?  Bugger off!  Ask Paul what he thinks.  Your mother looks beautiful--right?  Kid?  Doesn't your mother look nice?  Paul?
Okay.
Then get him.
Yeah.
It is an emergency, isn't it?
Really?
He can hardly talk.
What does he say to do?
Shivers and sweats and groans.  His teeth chatter.  What'll we do?
What are his symptoms?
Dr. Woodly?  You know who this is?
That's why I'm crying.
It is you, isn't it, Harold?
I don't get it.
There stands the loins from which you've sprung.
What?
That man is your father.
Mom?
For Heaven's sakes!
Don't know.
What's his name?
Father's friend.
Then who flushed the toilet?
No.
Is Norbert still here?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Yes, he is.
What difference does that make?  Is Dr. Woodly going to be my father now?
Who have you been talking to?
Are you and Dr. Woodly engaged?
Anywhere but here.  I'd just sit here and cry about the way my father's been forgotten.
Where will you be?
It's beautiful.
I hate that thing.
To only exercise Dr. Woodly ever gets is playing the violin and making that stupid peace sign.  Peace.  Peace.  Peace, everybody.
I don't really know.
J. Edgar Hoover plays sports.
A lot of people don't.
I didn't know that.
Norbert was just beginning practice. A real man would have sold her to a catfood company, I suppose.  As far as that goes, J. Edgar Hoover still lives with his mother.
I was afraid to ask.
In a railroad accident many years ago.
How did she lose her feet?
You know she has no feet!  You want him to abandon his mother, who has no husband, who has no money of her own, who has no feet?
Still lives with his mother.
Not true.
You're the only woman he ever took out.
That's an interesting piece of news.
A fairy--a queer.  Everybody in the building knows he's a queer.
A what kind of doctor?
A vacuum cleaner salesman and a fairy doctor.
Thank you, kind sir.
If you have to go out with some guy--can't he be more like Dad?  Herb Shuttle and Norbert Woodly-- can't you do better than those two freaks?
Not even Mutual of Omaha thinks so anymore.
He's alive!
He's a ghost!
You're married!  You've already got a husband!
Oh, Paul--
Stay home tonight!
I know.
Maybe he'll come back tonight! It's his birthday.
I told you this was a simple-minded play.
He's coming back, Mom!  He's the bravest, most wonderful man who ever lived.
And this is my son, Paul.  He was only four years old when his father disappeared.
No!
He is my father.
He isn't?
He isn't any friend of Father.
I didn't get his name.  A friend of your father?
Maybe it's supposed to end now. Maybe God wouldn't have it any other way.
It came yesterday.  I haven't opened it yet.
Keeps fairies away!
I hate that thing.
It's jungle rot!  This room is making everybody sick!  This is your family doctor speaking now.  Here--I brought you something else to hang on your wall, for the sake of variety.
It's fine!
How's the fungus around your thumbnail?
Don't worry about it.
I apologize.  But you didn't know him, and neither did I.  How's your asthma?
My father!
A monument to a man who thought that what the world needed most was more rhinoceros meat.
Everything stays as it is!
Oh?
We don't have a maid any more.
You're going out?
You're taking Mom out tonight?
Peace, everybody--Paul, Penelope.
He's the most wonderful guy I ever met, Penelope.  He's the most complicated guy I ever met.  I can't believe it, but he's going to take me to Africa with him.
You and Harold are friends?
Well--it was nice while it lasted. Thanks for the memories.
It's true.
What's so wonderful if I lost the sale?  You poor kid.
You were wonderful.
I didn't make my move fast enough. That's it, isn't it?  I was too respectful.
I'm saying no--and thank you.
You're saying no.
Thank you, Herb.  You're a wonderful man.  You really are. Everybody respects you for what you've done for scouting and the Little League.
Marry me instead.
I'm sorry.
I feel as though I had been made a perfect chump of.
A week.  We were waiting for the right time to--
How long has this been going on?
Possibly.
We got a birthday cake, kid.  Did you see the cake?
What's the matter now?
He told me to take a flying fuck at the moon.
What was it?
He said one other thing.  It wasn't very nice.
We've got to find him.  I want you to show me exactly where you saw him last.  And you stay here, Norbert, in case he comes home.  That's all he said--the thing about the key?
Before he started to run.  He said his father carried a key to this apartment around his neck--and someday we'd all hear the sound of that key in the door.
Did you talk to Paul?
They had this cake somebody else hadn't picked up.  It says, "Happy Birthday, Somebody Else."
How nice.
For Harold.  When Paul comes home, we can have some birthday cake.
A what?
Then I saw this bakery store that was still open, so I bought a birthday cake.
You figure!
I figure he ducked in one place and ducked out another.
It's dark in there. PENELOPE And that's where he is!
The park!
He ditched me.  He started running, and I started running, then he lost me in the park.
Is he coming home?
Far as I know.
Is he all right?
Yeah.
Did you see him?
We could have had some kind of birthday party for him.  We could have taken Paul to the fight with us.
What then?
Seven jaguars' skins, I'm told. Harold shot every one.  Shall we go?
Beautiful!  I've never seen that coat.
Gentlemen!  Is this right for a fight?  It's been so long.
Women are always late.  You'll find out.
Coming.
Good night.
If you'll pardon the expression, that's when you'll see the fur and feathers fly.  Good night.
I see.
That's when I'll get my confidence back.
I'm touched.
When Harold is definitely out of the picture, Penelope, when I don't have to worry about doing him wrong or you wrong or Paul wrong.  I'm going to ask you to be my wife.
This conversation took place, incidentally, about three months before Harold was declared legally dead.
Something happens to my confidence.
Yes?
You don't wrestle if you don't have supreme confidence, and I wrestled. But when I get with you, and I say to myself, "My God--here I am with the wife of Harold Ryan, one of the great heroes of all time--"
I don't want to go to Vanderbilt.
If you want to wrestle, you got Lehigh.  If you want to play tennis, you go to Vanderbilt.
I know.
I was captain of the wrestling team at Lehigh University.
I'm glad.
All through the day I'm so confident.  That's why I'm such a good salesman, you know?  I have confidence, and I look like I have confidence, and that gives other people confidence.  People laugh sometimes when they find out I'm a vacuum cleaner salesman.  They stop laughing, though, when they find out I made forty-three thousand dollars last year.  I've got six other salesmen working under me, and what they all plug into is my confidence.  That's what charges them up.
That's something I suppose.
He'd assume we had.
Or was.  We haven't done anything wrong, you know.
He'd kill me.  He'd be right to kill me, too--the kind of guy he is.
Doing what?
I keep having this nightmare--that he catches us.
I'll get ready, Herb.  I didn't expect you this soon.  Please--won't everybody be nice to everybody else while I'm gone?
He's not anybody to tell somebody else what to do in a master bedroom.
Please--
Goodbye.
Do it!
You fake!  You're no better than the dumbest general in the Pentagon.  You're not going to beat Harold. You're not going to beat anybody. You're not going to stay here, either--yammering and taunting until you're most gloriously killed. Go home!
Everything's going to be beautiful.
Oh--look at the poor, crucified violin, would you?
You fool, you fool.
It's really that bad?
Get out of here.
Thanks.
Tell her to have a nice trip.
I'm taking her to the airport a few minutes from now.  She's going to East St. Louis--to visit an aunt.
I believe in miracles now.
Thank you.  Thank you very much.
How neat.  How keen.
We met here earlier this evening.
You know each other?
He'd go to a movie.  I think that's what he'd do.  If I were sure he was in a movie, I could stop worrying.  We could have him paged.
That's been said before.
It's a jungle out there.
No.  But he's going to be.  If he is in the park and he comes out safely on the other side, I can say to him, "You and I are the only men with balls enough to walk through the park at midnight."  On that we can build.
He's not your son.
If he is in the park, luck is all that can save him now, and there's plenty of that.
We've got to rescue him.
He can make the sound of human footsteps--which is a terrifying sound.
Paul's only twelve years old.
They didn't murder me.
And maybe Paul.  What about the murderers?  They're in there!
Me, too.  I know something not even the police know--what's in the park at midnight.  Nothing.  Or, when I'm in there, there's me in there. Fear and nobody and me.
I'm amazed.
To show myself how brave I am.  The issue's in doubt, you know--since I'm always for peace--
Why would you do that?
Every night, Penelope, for the past two years, I've made it a point to walk through the park at midnight.
Meaning?
I'd be dead by now if that were the case.
It's suicide!
I wish Paul luck.
No!  Oh no!  Three people murdered in there in the last six weeks! The police won't even go in there any more.
If you warned him against it as much as you say, it's almost a certainty.
He told me one time what the proudest moment of his life was. He made Eagle Scout when he was twenty-nine years old.  Oh, Norbert--promise me that Paul has not gone into the park!
What kind of a life is that?
It's an experimental model.  He doesn't dare leave it in his car, for fear it will fall into the hands of competition.
The what?
That's the XKE.
We've got to dump Shuttle.  He brings his vacuum cleaner on dates?
The only thing I ever told him about life was, "Keep out of the park after the sun goes down."
After this explosion, I think, he'll be able to accept the fact that his mother is going to marry again.
As long as he keeps out of the park.
The wilder Paul is tonight, the calmer he'll be tomorrow.
It is?
This is very good for us.
Tonight's the night.
I never knew when to hold it--or who to ask, or what to say.
Wear a coat of domestic mink.  For the love of God, though, Penelope, don't lightheartedly advertise that the last of the jaguars died for you.
What?
Oh no!  Wear a coat of cotton--wear a coat of wool.
No doubt Paul thinks it stinks.
"War is not healthy for children and other living things." How lovely.
Throw out all this junk.  Burn it! This room crawls with tropical disease.
They made her so sleepy she couldn't work.
I'm glad somebody finally cried. Every time I come in here and see all this unnecessary death, I want to cry.  I don't cry, of course.  Not manly, you know.  Did she try antihistamines?
The animals made her sneeze and cry too much.
She quit this afternoon.
I must take you to an emergency ward sometime--on a Saturday night. That's also fun.  I came to see Selma, as a matter of fact.
We made the date three months ago.
Take plenty of cigars.
Herb Shuttle is taking me to a fight.
Would you like to say something about killing, Colonel?
I am Dr. Norbert Woodly--a physician, a healer.  I find it disgusting and frightening that a killer should be a respected member of society.  Gentleness must replace violence everywhere, or we are doomed.
We can take off the "Wanda June" with a butter knife.
"Happy Birthday, Wanda June!"
Then we'd stay home and eat venison or something, and look through the scrapbooks.  I've got a friend who has a whole freezer full of striped bass and caribou meat.  I'm going to bring that boy back.
Minors aren't allowed at fights.
I feel like I've been double- crossed.  If you'd just told me it was Harold's birthday--
What a beautiful demonstration this is of the utter necessity of rites of passage.
If he'd just get into scouting, and camp out some, and see how everybody roughhouses around the fire--
Don't!  Let him have all the privacy he wants.  Let him grieve, let him rage.  There has never been a funeral for his father.
If he'd just come out for the Little League, the way I asked him, he'd find out we touch all the time--shove each other, slug each other, and just horse around.  I'm going to go get him--
It's good.  Let him go.
Kid--kid--
You're preparing him for a career in the slaughterhouses of Dubuque?  Take care of your body, yes!  But don't become a bender of horseshoes and railroad spikes.  Don't become obsessed by your musculature.  Any one of these poor, dead animals here was a thousand times the athlete you can ever hope to be. Their magic was in their muscles. Your magic is in your brains!
You think you're so funny.  You're not even funny.  Right?  Right?  You don't hurt yourself if you start out slow.
He died of a massive rupture.
You ever hear the story about the boy who carried a calf around the barn every day?
Maybe God has let everybody who ever lived be reborn--so he or she can see how it ends.  Even Pithecanthropus erectus and Australopithecus and Sinanthropus pekensis and the Neanderthalers are back on Earth--to see how it ends. They're all on Times Square--making change for peepshows.  Or recruiting Marines.
Start with the smallest weights. Every week add a pound or two.
You can believe that if you want. I talk to guys like you, and I want to commit suicide.  You get that weight-lifting set I sent you?
Chinese maniacs and Russian maniacs and American maniacs and French maniacs and British maniacs have turned this lovely, moist, nourishing blue-green ball into a doomsday device.  Let a radar set and a computer mistake a hawk or a meteor for a missile, and that's the end of mankind.
None of my relatives are Chinese Communists.  Speak for yourself.
It's the planet that's in ghastly trouble now and all our brothers and sisters thereon.
I'm sick of this argument.  I just have one more thing to say: If you elect a President, you support him, no matter what he does.  That's the only way you can have a country!
The late Mrs. Harold Ryan.
Penelope!  We're late!
We simply stop doing that--dropping things on each other, eating each other alive.
Which we do.  But we can stop doing that.
Phooey.
That's not true either--or needn't be, unless we make it true.
Or get eaten alive.
Not true.
You've got to fight from time to time.
That maid just quit.  The place is a mess.  You can start in the master bedroom.
Is that a fact?
I'm glad you brought your vacuum cleaner.
Hi kid.  Would you look what the car dragged in.
You bet! "The Harold Ryan Fan Club." Pink, eh?  With a yellow streak up the back.  We got very good tailor shops up here.  They'll make you any kind of uniform, any kind of sweatsuit you want.  Judas Iscariot--he's got this black jacket with a skull and crossbones over the heart.  He walks around all hunched over, and he never looks anybody in the eye, and written on the back of his jacket are the words, "Go take a flying--
We're going to have jackets, aren't we?
It was almost worth the trip--to find out that Jesus Christ in Heaven was just another guy, playing shuffleboard.  I like his sense of humor, though--you know? He's got a blue-and-gold warm-up jacket he wears.  You know what it says on the back? "Pontius Pilate Athletic Club." Most people don't get it.  Most people think there really is a Pontius Pilate Athletic Club.
Walt Disney, who gave us Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, plays shuffleboard.  Jesus Christ plays shuffleboard.
Jack the Ripper plays shuffleboard.
Lewis Carroll, who wrote Alice in Wonderland, plays shuffleboard.
Mozart plays shuffleboard.
Albert Einstein plays shuffleboard.
We have enough for a shuffleboard team.  In Heaven, shuffleboard is everything.  Hitler plays shuffleboard.
We only have two members so far, but it's growing all the time.
Yes, we do.
We have this new club up here in Heaven.
